Movie - weathering with you
	Don't want drinks? last chance to tell if you want. First time I saved life I deserve a beer.
Movie - Bazaar - internal information is all that matters.
Movie - Cosmos
	#Innovation in science layer opens way for social layer richness (individually and collectively)
	sky was calendar and story books.
	Artificial selection for animals and plants.
		Humans do hunting and they scavenge hunting so domenstication. Selection tamed with each generation. Evolves into dogs. Survival of the friendliest. Eventually security. Cuteness is selective advantage - passed to next generation.
		they gave up their choice of mate and men choose. Breed the dogs that please them. Those that do their bidding - howling herding, hunting, guarding, etc.
		Every breed is sculpted by umans.
		How dangerous wolf turned to friendly german shepherd.
	Natural selection over billion years - beauty and diversity of life.
		go inside polar bear's artery to heart.
		ancient scripture of life that all lives can read.
		molecules in DNA = Stars in Galaxy - we are all universe.
		DNA replication gives copy to each cell during division - proofreading errors. Fur color changes cuz of mutation - some are harmless or deadly but some give critical advantage or danger.
		white bear prospers in polar region and that gene spreads across generations and browns struggle for survival.
		Brown selected differently and become new species.
		no breeder but environment itself does selection - natural selection.
		e1 created individually makes you feel special but from monnkey is embarassing - we want to distance ourselves from them.
		barcode varies from species to species - no exact DNA but clustering together. Raw material for natural selection is DNA.
		Family tree - branches. Each twig is living species. Trunk is common ancestor.
		Tree of life is 3 billion years old.
		disguising animal like plant. Costumes to fool predator.
		eye complexity - not easy for evolution - cornea, neural network for interpreting images, iris and lens, etc.
		Blind life in beginning - random mutation or error in bacterium copying - advantage of light and dark. You can observe different stages of eyes across species.
		adapting over long term but doesn't go back to board for change. why not 3 eyes - cuz mutations are random and favoring, etc.
		connection to all of life is a soulful spiritual experience.
		hall of extinction - monuments of broken branches.
		Idea is laws of nature enough to explain life forms to exist or evolve by chance.
		The great dying that 9/10 life died.
		?Life started existing by chance and eth till its richness is coming to by chance.
		worlds with different chemistry and history - planet that may harbour life.
		Titan moon of saturn has river, lakes, coastlines and it rains there. Seas and rains of methane and ethane not water. Natural gas.
		Chemical basis of life will be different. Creature that inhale hydrogen and methane is exhaled.
		No shame in not knowing the answers but saying that you know all the answers.
		This is what molecules do given 4 Billion years.
Movie - Pataloka - getting sympathy to distract and another steals bag away.
	Story - Sleeping at infy. Jungles exploring at Udhampur.
	Interesting lead hai follow karo - don't tell this to him.
	high profile case and such mistake ruin your hard work.
	hush who are you - very attentive - you should not be here.
	any call from delhi police, I am busy.
	public sympathies gone against so you can't fire me anymore.
	muh mein dahi jamaya hai?
	informing in line - vs postponed information club with good news.
	pack up - resigning vs firing.
		threaten with info leak to ensure that behavior is normalized from other person.
	I see somebody excuse me.
	now it's about owning the radar, right.
	build links between the four arrested
	Working on a new theory
	Bhagat was to kill them in a fake police encounter
	went thru the plot - good plot - svarg loka who control media, politics, etc use patal loka - criminals, recruits, etc to manipulate humans who just feed into information which is made public.
Movie - Breathe
	sth better than nth but it has to be sth right.
	ctc vs salary - my sal < your tax.
	corporate rat race - you also join my work.
	have adventure with what you have - better than stay at home.
	substance - make him feel good with what's in his hands and what all he can do from there.
	We win - 1 more game - forget it, Icecream khayega - relax yaar. It's a game.
	Big gift - price tag dekhke nahi laya.
	I know you mean well - he will be confused..please try to understand my point of view.
	Pics with A, O, etc.
	highly classified recipients - no access to list as doctors - assigned hospital contacts.
	cerebrally dead so share the organs with others - you can save many lives. You have our sympathies but please leave for now. BG body like clothes.
	when runners lose they lose not by how many numbers. 
	Blind school treat them like normal people.
	so late you are - your favorite coffee - worse than my ex-husband.
	distract guard with car beeping and moves inside.
	never wanna grow up - we have no choice but we want it - it's a responsibility. He becomes animal or monster.
	no guarantees in life - only guarantee for child is that parent will love him.
Movie - Dil bechara - Diabetes b4 cancer. I love cylinder's oxygen but not its weight.
	dekha akhiyon se goli kaise maarte hain. Abhi to bas thalaiva ka ashirvad.
	I will call your parents - this is the number.
	kizie basu - of course I will kiss you basu.
	kizie ka matlab kya hota hai - matlab chipku.
	Hi aunty, I am her new boy, friend. Outta nowhere.
	Reality show gonna be eliminated but wild card or vote survives.
	He stands to speak sits on his seat with a mind touch.
	remembered my full name - naughty girl 
	Movie shoot b4 dying - name of movie - rajni aawat hai sapne jagavat hai. Your fears - no fear.
	Why my ride stops near you. Are you really alien.
	Hamesha - nth - btw, I can't keep waiting; trust me - btw never sit on with stranger I could kidnap you.
	favorite spot for serial killers and serial kissers.
	You bring every girlfriend here - no only aliens. Listen to my tracks.
	How good song was - boring song. Honey singh ki hoti to aaj tak famous hoti.
	why face of angry girlfriend - I don't smoke; I don't smoke with fire on so no danger.
	I am not your girlfriend - abhi nahi ya kabhi nahi - kabhi nahi - chal jhuti.
	I wanna hug them and make their broken life - My life is broken.
	free langar ke liye aaye ho - romance talks in 7 else last days - I was doing not now but do it now.
	heroine in my movie - so listen to these song - boring. In exchange watched the movie of his interests.
	I am in your room on a ping - what an album it's so deep - Rajni sir 1 started 2 done. Hollywood kare to wow, tollywood to how.
	come in 10 mins - I can't - mauke pe chauka maarna seekho.
	badla - shanti - nahi kranti - gussa nikal de.
	Aunty your daughter ne dil toda - you go inside cuz we have to break your home not your heart.
	sticky notes for scenes for the movie and fun ed.
	30-40 times a day - such stamina. It's a lie - energy drink.
	what do you work - I am astronaut in NASA - why joke - guests given this on night.
	You know it - engineers in engg college know or learn eth except engg.
	Dance reverse shown in mirror and ask her.
	Lace put on nose to make fun of her.
	Kizie, you can't leave me like that - 1 baj gaya - roz bajte hain.
	dil tham ke baithiye aapke saamne aa raha hai ye (lewd image) and changes it in hurry.
	You could inform me on phone but I didn't come to give but take, kissie - first kiss is special - I can tell you I have had many times; she was 17, I was 15. Ours will be special - yes closes eyes - go away.
	I have not come to meet her but to see you - serious? - no, I am lying. (winning a person thru fake statements)
	It's not fair to him by picking his fun.
	your ignoring me won't change my feelings for you.
	I have given my take and rest is decision of your family.
	Family's personal matter else I would've decided.
	drinking in rain - there's fun in being silly.
	When leg was being cut - How will you play basketball - maybe I was silly but that changed my life.
	It's silly to go paris but fun in being silly.
	cold coffee with ice cream anybody.
	that's my favorite song - mine too high five. why incomplete - cuz didn't finish it.
	you know what happens after death - I also don't know I am alive (bad jokes) - But I will come back as ghost and tell you. He needs medical treatment.
	desire for live goes away with 7 gone - illegal to kill so live. stupid promises to live happy after other so laugh.
	song was incomplete cuz life is.
	I will be happy cuz I will get rid of you.
	prank of hiding and let her searching. prank of in need of oxygen.
	life of MOP - strong emotions of love, and then sadness and naughtiness, etc and a person has false enjoyment.
	his disease return but having fun with acting regularly.
	He taught me to laugh but was screaming in pain and couldn't help him.
	fida ho gaye par harami nikla.
	don't wanna see the world where he doesn't exist.
	My funeral speeches from every person - fearful that their lives matter. I have never met irritating person like him and don't want to also.
	we don't decide birth and death but how to live is our choice. Rani still alive so is our story.
	I took help from that person to complete that person - true lover but bad poet; he is bad human but good musician.
Movie - Al Camino.
Movie - Shubh Mangal Saavdhan
	touch with feet - pinging other. honeymoon time to understand so let me.
	place galat thi ya ladki - haridwar shadi - less ppl and those who come will clear their sins.
	teach how to solve life probs and not pythagorus.
	he has problem - AIDS - tu pagal hai. He thinks I know what he knows.
	found cd with him - maaro kass ke - dudh mein haldi aur dettol laga dena agar chot lage to.
	wire length nahi current dekho.
	Come to me danny boy in emotional tone.
	customized consumerism - auto aaram se chalao, sugar thodi kam. No this chapatti it has hair.
	mudit nahi aayega to kya barat nahi jayegi - chalo baitha uske bina.
	black tea, lemon tea - sab le aa - bains ki aankh sab le aa, jaldi ja.
	you climb on bus I will find a way to board it.
	uski taraf se pairipanna - meri taraf se bhi kar lo my video game - hit him chappal will satisfy forefathers.
	have I ever been on top of bus or train - yes I just think so but never.
	I am not that kinda girl else you would come in crime petrol instead of marriage.
	Unko kaise pataa - aur banao digital india.
	NCR upbringing - love arrange love; samajh gaya.
	if don't cure then I won't let you get married - tod ke dikha do; aapki beti ko bhaga ke le jaunga.
	ma hu uski I washed his stuffs.
	shadi se pehle achha lagta hai kya - mujhe kya pataa lagta hoga.
	nanhi si jaan - mera beta itna bhi nanha nahi ho sakta.
	kasrat kar raha and bowed down - bless you.
	galat fehmi nahi family hai. ali baba nahi chor hai.
	koi roko havas ke pujari ko.
	mard wo nahi jise dard nahi hota but dard na deta hai na dene deta hai.
	return my money - take wallet - return my rc I went to RTO myself.
Movie - Mougli - 2 movies and 1 Jungle book series.
Movie - the invisible guest, money heist
Movie - The exorcist
	Trick - Fake fears. Master data introduction.
	sneak peak into the unknown. 
		Something she is hiding.
		swearing words.
	my idea of heaven is night club.
	peeing on carpet with swearing - you will die up there.
	what's wrong with me - mama needs to console.
	dancing bed for matter manipulation by external force.
	brain scan - complied without resistance.
	body smashed against bed.
	body convulsions. hitting others. eyes roll. forcefully blood sample was taken by doctors.
	explanations - nerves, then muscle spasm, abnormal strength motor performance from experiences - temporal lobe - for fucking sake - what are you talking. Split personality.
		let's exhaust all possibilities b4 delegating to psychiatry.
		spinal scan for other possibilities.
		any drugs in the house - of course not.
	maid kept to look after her. Berk also gone so probs in package.
	7 inside you - sometimes. I don't know. Split personality tests - if I ask you will you let him speak; want him to leave. Expresses himself.
	she screams which is scoped by few metres around her.
	you look like boxer - you look like someone.
	doctor was put in jail for not telling - is that a threat?
		he goes away - I have tickets to the show will you join.
	I am not putting her in some asylum cuz some alien inside her. Enough of your bullshit.
	shock treatment - no religious beliefs. Exorcism.
	Patient deluded to believe that she is invaded by spirit - it has worked; could be force of suggestion - belief in cause and belief in solution as cure. Take her to witch doctor; is that it?
	who put the cross there - strict boundaries and enforcing that thru discussion and willingness to fight over what's just. That's something makes them special.
	Any visitors - no; what could be it - something very remote; leave that. Why don't you ask your daughter.
	Acting normal but cups shaking when carried.
	You are very nice lady - you are a nice man.
	Door handle to open it partially.
	crucifix misused by the possessed girl breaking mum's heart.
	possessed then exorcism - I will take him to 16th century; doesn't happen anymore - not 1 found by me. Every since psychiatry took over with a set of diseases which are good explanations.
	I can see her as psychiatrist but not as priest. Will you just help her. Anybody.
	You might hurt yourself - Let's introduce ourselves. Let's not compare powers.
	Tells about his mother but can't tell his mother's maiden name - vomit splash on him.
	I fear making things worse - nothing worse can happen - church should approve it thru language never used and studied, etc - I thought you were expert - there are no experts. I suggest hospital supervision. Did you know about my history - yes but no discussion.
	Studied her case thru recordings and took notes about her.
	this stunt; can you do it again - in time. Holy water - keep it away; it burns.
	taunt good day for exorcism - will you like that - yes - but then you lose your victim - I will make you next victim.
	respect given to a person is calculated as per supply demand and dependence and his expectations.
	Tap water called as holy water but she behaved helplessly so it's placebo.
	Not latin - it's english in reverse. So very rational with their study.
	called in night and "help me" scratched on body.
	is this genuine - not sure; not really but meets conditions specified in for rituals. Let's call 7 with experience.
	exorcisms last months and last one nearly killed him so it's some serious shit.
	Father arrives and new comer used for gathering stuff - background info? - why? Let's start.
	Big match sticks for lighting the chimneys.
	demon lies and mixes with truth to confuse us. Don't listen. Different personalities - 3. There's only 1.
	door closed as if an operation gonna start - distracted by vomit throw and sounds but cleaning along with focus. Dancing bed; bad words; powerful after ritual is over; laughing and crying simultaneously.
	levitation. Tired so rest b4 start again.
	to reject the possibility that god could love us.
	head priest killed - son of a bitch; starts beating - take me; come into me. Tempted to kill girl but overcomes himself and jumps outta window. I'd rather die than succumb to sin under possession.
	You might like to keep that person's nishani - why don't you keep it.
	spider walk scare.
Movie - Kabir Singh - Lesson of Movie Kabir Singh - being ziddi - do against us if you want but we will override it later anyway.
Movie - Planet earth - talents, esmd, struggles, strategies, why so adapted and get to survive. Sharp ears, no movement, etc. Power of strength bulls, power of strength, power of instruments lion, power of strategic attacks and never give up.
	Art of ghosla making, how to impress gender, stamina, showy, hide and seek then rewards. Intel - grass can't be fed but fungus can be do associative relp. Precision to attack underground rat, rat balaces on weak stems, learning strength and limitations of legs that will carry them miles. Weakest, separated, faster, stamina. Kaziranga National park with most fatalities. Techs for close view, 
Movie - Planet earth - monkey's bachelor's gang up o against alpha monkey and he has to save his children and female. Cities less competition so reproduction but finding niche problem - ppl feed so time for play available. Benefits of buildings so push to open then attack pigeon - eagle aerial battle - how good. Langur jumping talents - parcour. Leopards creep into cities and attack humans but primarily attack hogs children - easy killls but fear. Pegions lack of fear made them thrive but also vulnerable to catfish introduced few years back. Turtles newborns following light to ocean b4 but now 80% end up going to cities and dying in gutter or predators planned accordingly, or crushed under cars. Hyenas - few befriended them - whistle to call them and feed by hand. Butchers do it everytime. Bird's nest making in city life - not a small talent.
Movie - dunkirk - used as soldier in chess - you hitting ship may give some satisfaction or may give transcendental pleasure of winning side but you are being used.
	If you are being chased some target will hit so in air flight you gotta face and target from your side also.
	It's gaming for them with real results.
Movie - Weathering with you 
	steppu game. Jumping around fire.
	Monetized the ability to control weather for money.
	you 2 are older younger versions of each other.
	befriend and then first time tell that you are in love. But she says b4 he does.
	careful you have started to act like old man.
	what are you looking at - at you.
	This is so last century; don't even be near me. Even cat is disgusted by your stance.
	I saw a dream - I saw a dream while explaining the reality.
	what a pain with emotional boy. Can I ask for a favor - let me go away.
	that I am awesome and born for this; I know - I am not gonna hire you after this.
	what's the point of sharing; that doesn't change much.
	you can't run away from problems; they will find a way.
	you don't know anything - just choose to ignore the truth.
	my first love confession? - police was after you - probation till graduation.
	tell me the truth child are you a runaway.
	you don't matter in scheme of things - change the world so I called crap.
	don't sweat the small stuff, big man; the world remains crazy as always.
Movie - Cosmos
	question eth - go wherever evidence leads.
	atoms heavier than universe and universe inside atoms.
	venus hell outta greenhouse effect.
	Jupiter like solar system with its own moons. Great red spot - 11 times storm of earth.
	snowballs of little moons saturn.
	uranus and neptune found after telescope - unknonw otherwise.
	many bodies like pluto.
	vayajor 1 is farthest we have gone. From here sun looks like a star.
	planets for other stars outnumber star. We met only 1 kind so far.
	Local group, virgo supercluster, observable universe.
	multiverse - bubble in ocean. Feeling a little small! But we don't think small.
	Scale from atom to universe - all different levels of physics. Chemistry being one of them.
	Historical Study of cosmos - 1600 new year eve in prison.
	bruno wanted to read all books - a misfit - went against scriptures so scandalous.
		arrow outwards no matter where you stand.
		evangelist - gospel of grandeur of creation.
		Oxford speaker and seconded copernicus.
	your god is too small - doubt eth is the time.
	times when different ideas could take you to dangerous places.
	church to such limits to torment - authority of church and scriptures would be open to question. Veredict - guilty of questioning divinity. you are afraid to give judgement than I am to hear it.
	Galileo in 10 years saw thru telescope - he was right all along. Bruno's observation was lucky guess but gave target to others to disprove it.
	History of Universe - let's compress immensity to calendar year. Jan 1st big bang. Energy and matter emerged from there - crazy but evidence leads here.
		supernova - death of star - new atoms cooked in those stars.
		Origin of life - unsolved mystery of life - may be from another milky way for all we know. Chemical origin but we don't know.
		Reproduction and Then evolution of life.
		asteroids saved from dinosaurs.
		Last sec of cosmic calendar every recorded history - to analyse this second - let's change the scale.
	tools and representing knowledge. animals and settling down and agriculture - keep track of stuffs we carried. 6K back we started recording.
	means for us to transcend mortality. 2 halves discovered and science takes off. And we could uncover eth thru science.
Movie - FMAB
	Good you managed to escape by an escape. You can't say the same.
	She starts burning from inside suddenly while not changing her smile.
	sounds like you guys have your hands full, alright.
	immortality - what a bunch of nonsense.
	Being chased and long time no see - what are you guys doing here besides getting yourselves in trouble.
	insulting his boss makes him lose his calm and less effective ways.
	ripped off his arm to deceive her.
	memories recovered so can do transmutation circle. This also means you remember all the extra share I took from you.
	we are friends - is this how you treat your friends by setting dogs on them.
Movie - Spartacus
	injury means only to instruct. He is wild dog - tame it thru training.
	You are just new masters taking my posts away - what would they do - kill me - give him chance.
	Find a purpose - to stay alive - do sth greater than survival. You tell me to fight - no, you want to fight.
	Befriending powerful Crixus who is searching for his wife - kind words of hope makes him ally.
	when sword becomes like feather what purpose will it fly to - one of your choosing.
	curioius words from one who claims to have forgotten eth.
	Common enemy so forget differences and see him forced to knees.
	And they do ask for slaves to fill jug but Spartacus stops them et.
	They were not trained as bros like us. Any danger and they will turn against us.
	What's your name so that I can mourn your passing.
	freedom is not without cost. I pay with the only coin I have so do you. Protection in return of such favors.
	The one that they kept alive was used to keep soldiers at bay with distractions.
	he deceived us - not really - they saw me without callar so would return with more men so asked them to stay.
	make believe that gods hear my prayers while thru a slip a win win agreement is made.
Movie - Blue Valentine
	We are tiger. I can eat your hands so hungry, just 1 finger. Music playing.
	Let's eat like leopard - bad taste meal.
	finish dressing up in 8 countdown.
	gender of baby you wanna know or not - it's a girl.
	where is the dog - didn't found but perhaps moved to be a hollywood dog. Hide from baby.
	gamification - run when water not sprinkling.
	wanna come inside - I don't smoke around oxygen tank.
	talks with colleagues about man women psychology wrt marriage.
	packers and movers but also decorated the room.
	Just do it - book a room tonight. Spice things up.
		ask not yes or no - this room or that room. Give a reason that we have to move now - now tell me.
	have always been here? always here - here's good. have you been faithful to him? why would you ask such question.
	he's fat - you told this to make me feel better - I got nervous - why nervous.
	I should not have told you in first place - you think that's an option.
	what did it feel like to meet person of love - I don't think I ever met one.
	I didn't steal money - I make money to get girls.
	What's your name - go away - that's weird name.
	that's how they laugh in future - exploring a room - depth fun or width.
	soap applying in areas.
	drinking and cigrette in other's mouth.
	I want to stop thinking about it but I can't. Love at sight - it's a feeling like you know them? I don't right.
	I did feel though now it's different feeling - like gotta dance when song comes.
	Can I ask her to tell me I came she never called me. Follow up.
	I ain't getting old - you gonna die - definitely; with that attitude you will - don't do it I tell you.
	This girl (talk about the person's pic as different) is nuts.
	You are so cute; you tell jokes that ain't good and still ppl life - how can you compliment and insult at same time in equal measures.
	child to molester - I am scared - I am gonna walk alone I should be.
	Playing music while asking other to sing or dance.
	my goal was not be sb husband or father. I am here.
	You blabber about whatever I say - Perhaps I should not say anything - what's funny.
	don't go to sleep to keep this memorable.
	wanna make a baby with me. Let's do it.
	what are you doing; it hurts. I am good to you I don't deserve this.
	running backwards fun. I can't do it like this without your love.
	no illicit behavior in my car - it's my home. She put her mouth on mine. Can you trust this face.
	you are not gonna tell me what's wrong - stops walking you gotta tell me I am very intuitive.
	threat to reveal - child whose - what you gonna do.
	nurse to care while scapula pulls it out - I know it's a little uncomfortable.
	Is this smile room where we smile.
	Don't say stuff you can't take back. You wanna hit here.
	you are done you are fired. I am your opponent you are going to jail btw.
	making love with song on.
	support each other is good or worse - this is my worse plz tell me what to do.
Movie - Mahabharat, Ramayan, Chanakya. Vartman.
Movie - Jobs, Silicon valley, The social network, The social dilemma, Mr Robot, The IT Crown, Black Mirror
Movie NFP - Animal Instinct. survival island. cat skin.
Movie - Simmba, Scam1992.
Movie - Laddakh warriors
	preparation for extremes, personality devp, younger brother (nanu)
	ultimate purpose of the training being - emerge winner - strategies are important - take advantage of fog (opportunities in adversity), never lose the ground, physical capabilities enhanced and standardized; solve a problem of winning or defending given a situation - in terms of capabilities.
	I was just doing my duty - winning a medal was nowhere in my mind.
	can't forget team - that's what makes the scouts - honor them as ritual.
	marathon run with weight on top. 18 Kg gun and bag 4 Kg but team with you. High altitude less oxygen and severe cold.
		all are serving or preparing to serve their best. bhaichara is important - more than physical it's mental test - you need bravery and zidd.
		gurudvara patthar sahab - teerth sthal and buddists accept guru nanak and buddh guru - guru gompka maharaj.
		many months for this prep and real life prep is going on.
		another marathon 72 Km and these guys make it to top 10.
	training for weapon - assemble and vv. with eyes closed - in matter of secs.
		st with weapon that jams in cold.
		run and shoot - cuz tired and can lose the aim.
		LMG - light machine gun.
		arrow shooting and also competitions - music accompaniment.
	camouflage training. PASS THRU fire smoke - gotta stop breathing and change gun positions.
	crawl under fences.
	climbing on mountain. tools and with bag. ropes and knots.
		Ibacks mountain animal. run but 90 degreee angle and gotta control speed and avoid slippery.
		death if slip and confidence that yes I can do eth.
		changpa kabila - changthang pathar survival.
	snow gliding and fighting.
	war simulation. smoke candles, ghabarahat and afratafri - remove the fear. guidance while that happens - every movement.
		no time to even breathe - make them move and death in real life.
	relp with instructor like feel and emotions - friends relp - we become member of family. Team spirit is deeply inculcated. sing together.
	whatever you do you gotta be god of the arena - khatri to offer best service, business man to offer best service; talent to offer best service and Researcher to offer best service.
	There are always leaders or architects above engineers. The hierarchy always exists - meaning your ability to service at the best that your junior is inspired to serve under.
Movie - Tanhaji
	kondhwa sinhgad fort. Make your own sword.
	gorilla warfare - strategic positions to win the war.
	kalyan gate kondhana fort.
	using pulleys to the fullest - how to take up the fort - pulley.
	He got what he truly wanted.
Movie - Star Wars 4 - A new hope
Movie - Lunchbox.
Movie - Scam 1992 - plot from scenes perspectives.
Movie - Pati Patni aur Woh
	Traffic clear kar den.
	Clear majority but you want gathbandhan.
	I wanted to show highlights he is watching live. Some ppl don't deserve good news.
	intercom to direct internet.
	Became english to how I wonder what you are.
	tiger vs frog.
	laddu for you - best bribe.
	Still in the way - then get auto.
	I married her to befriend you mausaji.
	where fursat for love - ogling me - far so ogling - if close then ....indigestion.
	Some reason for kanpur - I am reason ...I mean responsibility.
	I won't be able to sleep - can't hear his snores.
	Can I put lotion on you - jahaan panah - no panah in jahaan.
	If you don't go school then 2 ppl won't become abdul kalam.
	dopahari mein jawani kyun jala rahe hain.
	apni khushi apne haath mein hoti hai - par shadi ke pehle hoti hai.
	can't imagine this back story - it's not written on face.
	Will set fire on your sister's marriage - fire brigade will come; you will get sin.
	gotta wait - best wait in my cabin for promotion.
	Aa gaye haalat ke shikar; I am trying to better Kareena Kapoor - context made into noun or verb.
	pati hona paap ho gya hai is desh mein - kuchh aur soojha nahi - ab soojega.
	you liar and become like cow. What should I say married and happy but like to spend time with you - she would slap.
	neha left and you made life's saar.
	what you want - sahanubhuti so mamta or quota of happiness - roamed city. Pukka nothing else - your kasam - marvao bhi hamen hi tum.
	things going wrong - jaise kaali raat mein khil uthta hai chaand.
	Fahim had given me key and no return.
	marriage me too - no he is waiting.
	behudi awaaz - gir gaye ham - of course.
	suna hai chhipkali maar bhagayi hamare yoddha ne - lag bhi gayi - lag to gayi hai.
	bhabhi you here - are we banned - but surprise - lunch for him - double ; love and lunch.
	aaj kare so ab, pal mein parale hoyegi bikhar jaayega sab.
	more money then zaydat hamare naam kardo - you left phone at paan waala - no forgot it.
	she is kanpuriya - your grace sir.
	pataa chalne se pehle hi you come like addiction.
	rishta achha, taiyari, rishedar but 90% for these reasons.
		18, bunty studies and winter then get 7 married.
	kami ham mein hi hogi koi - I can't see any.
		what you do is lovable and what you don't is even more lovable.
	sheher kya badla; aapne duniya badal di
	Even god said wouldn't believe; should have said; bharosa that love follows.
	broadband was lose so nikal diye ham.
	I will kill you ganges and will get fansi. Wanted bahubali 2 with 1.
	childhood friend so get laughter - why alone laugh; broadcast on vividh bharti. Hanuman so don't Ram worry - lanka to nahi lag jayegi.
	aage kahaan badi - it's out of control.
	namaaz but got roze; haj ka package bhi hai. wife has run away. Hamari bhi bhagva do - I love him - with wife? ok.
	time kharab chal raha hai - kaayede mein rahoge to fayede mein - you look like sharif so will help.
	pativrata from 3 years - outta fashion - time of bitches.
	wo is the gap between the 2 and don't let them come - remaining mahadev sees to.
	if sb praises your smile then think who is cause of your smile.
	changed the department. haath held - should I take hand with me or you will come with.
Movie - Wonder Woman 1984.
	it fulfills your wish but takes something precious in return.
Movie - Iddarammayilatho
Movie - Guru - biography of Dhiru bhai ambani.
Movie - Marvel Universe DAG
    Infinity War - DAG but actually a set small DAGs with leads into Larger DAG
        Characters
            Shield - pivotal. Spy agency.
            Individual main characters with stone bearing (important to understand DAG till phase 3)
                Captain America (traditional values) - dealing with Soul, involved with space, time.
                Iron Man (AI) - dealing with Mind, involved with space, mind, time, no bearing.
                Hulk (Raw Power or Science Power) - dealing Power, involved with space and mind, no bearing.
                Thor (Demigod Power - hammer) - Reality dealings, bearing with reality and some stones.
                Black Panther - ?bearing with Soul stone.
                Guardians - Space interactions, bearing with power.
                Dr Strange (Mystic Power) - deals with reality, bearing with Time.
            Individual Stories
                Antman (Small Power)
                Spiderman (Science and Spider-sense)
                Black Widow (Fastness)
                Captain Marvel (Flying)
            No Story but member
                Hawk-eye
                Iron-fist
                Falcon, War machine
                Wanda, fast speed - mind control, fast speed.
            Avengers - Ironman, Captain, Hulk, Thor, Black widow, Hawk-eye.
            Antagonists - Hydra, Loki, Blue guy, Thanos.
                Huge spider-man cast.
        Stones
            Power - Guardians of the Galaxy.
            Mind - Avengers 2 Ultron, Avengers 1
            Soul - PHI
            Reality - Thor 2
            Time - Dr Strange
            Space - Avengers 1, Captain America 1.
    Spider-man villains - science accidents, misuse of science.
        Animal themed
            Lizard
            Morbius - bats
            Octopus
            vulture
            rhino
            Scorpion
            Many unknown
        Elemental Power
            Sandman Hydroman
            Electro
        Crime Lords - Kingpin, Tombstone, hammerhead, Silvermane.
        Trickery and Illusions - Mysterio, Chameleon
        Horror based - Green Goblin, hobgoblin, Morbious, Symbiotes (Aliens)
        Others - Craven, Shocker.
    Pattern - individual fights, grouped fights, hero groups. End goal is precise what public wants - so how to create a story around those wants.
        identify candidate triggers and all the flavors of presentations. PnC of eth.
Movie - Chhalang
    3S - Stamina, Strength, Speed.
    Chilli on thumb or another problem you give - to hold shorts. It's not easy. Nth is easy - backing out is.
    Any facility you want pay the price for it - guava then dogs, chicken then chase them. Want juice - no, then extract and give to us.
Movie - Chhalang
    Vakil - At least fight b4 accepting defeat. Even if defeat obvious, decision made after fight.
    saam - compare, daam - prize of computer stud, dand - punishment that you don't know, bhed - they don't want your well being.
    team lead by 8 not 80 - congratulate them for minor loss.
        training against dogs helped for run.
    skills but foundation when going gets tough. lesson of perseverence when going gets tough proved to be far valuable to them
    Thank opponent that your arrival - I realized my responsibilities and that I was spoiling them.
        you still are a better coach and gotta learn a lot from you
    e1 wants to be known sportsman - it takes their parents, PTI - our children will become but first we must.
        PTI chaddo election mein khade hovo
Movie - gulabo sitabo
    2 meaning talks - koi tucha chor hi hoga jisne bulb churaya. 
    Not leaving then bulb, chandelier, fuse removal. Sensitive wall - I touched it broke I am leaving.
    Locking rooms. charpayi taken to road in the night -  police complaint.
Movie
	silicon valley, love aaj kal, the witcher, last of us.
	Gully boy, Jumanji, jurassic, imdb tops, Under water, John Wick, MI, etc.
	Shubh mangal zyada saavdhan. Tanu weds manu returns, Queen, etc.
Movie - Harry Potter Series
    3 things for extra life
    7 horcruxes
        Tom Riddle's diary. -> Destroyed by Harry Potter in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
        Marvolo Gaunt's Ring. -> Destroyed by Albus Dumbledore in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
        Salazar Slytherin's Locket. -> Destroyed by Ronald Weasley in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part I with Gryffindor's sword.
        Helga Hufflepuff's Cup. -> Destroyed by Hermione Granger in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2
        Rowena Ravenclaw's Diadem. -> Destroyed by Harry Potter in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2
        Harry Potter (unknown to Voldemort until after he had destroyed it). -> Destroyed in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2
        Nagini the Snake. -> Destroyed by Neville Longbottom in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2
        Lord Voldemort at the hands of Harry Potter at the end of the Battle of Hogwarts and this is in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2
    Philosopher stone - Quirrell's failed attempt to revive Voldemort.
        Difficulties involved in that culmination like walk past 3-headed dog. emotions like snape plottwist.
    Chamber of secrets - Diary's failed attempt to revive itself into real form by extracting energy.
        Basilisk for purpose of purging the school of all Muggle-born students
    prisoner of azkaban
        Azkaban escape, Dementors attack harry and his future version saves him; New prof for defense comes and goes - Actual killer pettigrew escapes.
    Goblet of fire - rebirth made successful thru goblet of fire and game.
    Order of phoenix - Prof in denial and ministry of magic so rebellion org appears. Friend lost by Bellatrix.
    Half blood prince - horcrux hunt starts. Snape casts the killing curse on Dumbledore. Draco face offs.
    deathly hallows - last year all horcruxes found and destroyed. 3 things for extra life to kill 1 horcrux.
Movie - vartmaan, chanakya.
Movie - Pirates of The Caribbean.
Movie - Star Wars.
Movie - Kungfu Panda movies.
Movie - Kick.
Movie - Chernobyl.
Movie - Chhalang, Badhai Ho, Dream Girl, Good News.
Movie - Punjabi - 2 of them.
Movie - Super 30.
Movie - Fukrey.
Movie - Agnipath.
PIES - Master Phase means 2 things Regex and Hello World (In other words - standardized and story - engineer and arts)
    karma is transaction over standardized regex and experienced standardized simple story - wide and deep.
    Eg - u know yulu and u know bounce and you have a meeting to attend - you can make transaction using all of them cuz you have standardized them.
    vs config is simple. It is high level DMPM of PIES - it is mainly IO concerned whereas Master is RAM concerned.
    consultant thinks like config and arch thinks like master.
    config is ability to buy a car - what all does it take to buy it - what are your specification, etc.
    master is standardize a car in terms of its parts and standardize the process for completeness.
    Master is a phase of deep study for standardized BJDK.
    Config was phase of frameworks - abstracts, understanding syllabi
        eg like understanding scope of VA, how discussion works exploration, scrum of life, what do I want.
    Like studies, Config was Bhakti phase (scrum, scope syllabi, vision and means, study of eg or role models)
        Master will Dhyan phase (regex DMPM and Hello Worlds), Transactions will be karma phase.
        Then analytics phase will follow.
        This separation is not very strict
            like I have done lots of regex and HW in config phase also
            but those were all insights into it - showcasing genuine interest i.e bhakti.
    World Building - Story writing like movies and standardizations like a software are all world building
        just that 1 is execution trace to elicit emotions - the world building here can fall under different degrees of universe variants.
        and other is architectural completeness of pipeline or assembly line which will serve all - managerial in nature.
PIES
    DMPM
    Regex Hello world
    Achieve
PIES - Ashram means 3 things - People (internal and external partners; CRUD), Things (SRM and SCM Logisitics - CRUD - procure and workings), Money (Balance Sheet)
PIES - Varna means - Specialization (CS DS). Sources of Money (Similar to Ashram).
    Foundation means 4 things - ABCD - Attitude (Qualities), Behaviour (Manners, etiquette), Communication (Language, 12 rasa Decorations), Dedication (Rituals or practices with followups - Scrum). ABC for health of HAS. Abstract and concrete study with DMPM and D and J still applies.
    Spirituality - BJDK literally with abstract and concrete.
PIES - Happiness hunt
    Divisions of schools as follows
        all of them may peep out of the window but different approaches - study it, practice it with devotion, debate over it, enjoy it.
    Aaroh Jnana - Science, Sadhguru.
        objects of curiosity / jijnasa - explorers, travellers
    Aaroh Dhyana - Debates and Discussions (ideologies)
        The arguments better be logical else e1 is free to think whatever they like.
    Aaroh Karma - Just VA for grats state or streaming - the path will reveal everything
        follow your bliss and you will get where it gets maximized. So, social contrib and social consumptions
        @share prices will dictate my behavior - rewards and punishments.
        problem of local maxima? Like say drugs - well, a reasoning can take you out from there.
    Aaroh Bhakti - Devotion to standardized practices OR devotion to explorations
        standardized - worldly dharma, family traditions
        Exploration - course on yoga in goa.
        eth found within world - sr person, society, parents, country, whimsical worships - not scriptural
    Avaroh Karma - VA as guided - KY - Ladder of KK, SKY, NKY, YK.
    Avaroh Jnana - Veda Vakya Adhyayan.
    Avaroh Dhyana - Veda Vakyartha - Mimamsa - debating in light of scriptures.
    Avaroh Bhakti - DS as guided by scriptures.
    Foreigners are better performers - cuz first of all we are using 2nd hand knowledge, applications, etc - not first hand
        next the culture which favor in past, present and future
        High cost and profit functions. Not other combinations 00, 01,10.
PIES - Make socializing as ur goal - ability to understand and suggest whatever anybody says.
    start attending all the meetings and adding things to your backlog - what all is going on
    refer to jira for what all is going on
    Besides this follow - "lapse upper limit once" (lulo) model.
PIES - create and maintain a world - vs live in a world aka story of VA MINUS V.
    Planning doing (in different buckets), delivering in different buckets
PIES - The game of master will be self mastery and socializing in interest of max performance and productivity.
    config was DMPM and regex of eth - of course nth can be exhaustive but it has to be sufficient.
    You get paid for concrete karma in varna - not other things - concrete BJDK is all meant to assist K and scale K. And power comes from concrete karma only.
        Other things like J and D can only help.
        B4 thinking scaling of K which is transactional state
            master state will focus on how your personally disciplined and socially adept for performance and productivity of K.
            what you have already done is external standardizations but not personal self mastery.
            so what this means from spiritual perspective is the next master phase is about SB at slow pace (story centered) but most importantly applications in interest of self mastery.
            what are the keywords in master phase - fearless, effortless, socializing, self mastery.
            so what this means is that you are not an architect but you are a senior developer - you are the fastest, smartest person in the team.
            what this means is you can face public of 500 in a presentation.
PIES - SVAF - Another view is Professional life (V) and Personal Life (FSA) - partition day by 14-10 or 12-12 or whatever.
    study science and arts - primarily comes under ashram
    Foundation study (ABCD sources) - Character Qualities Beliefs Values (motivation; personal devp), Personality Behavior Relp (polity economics), Language, Scrum.
        Courses for - Intra-personal devp, Inter-personal devp, Means (lube) devp. Personal vision.
        Applications from science, arts, spirituality.
    Ashram Abstract Study - Science and Arts.
PIES - How our education has been a training ground for SVAF.
    Intermediate or prep after 10th is nth but preparation for specialization (professional courses)
    High School is foreshadowing of what's coming next - width view of life ahead
        Eg - PCMB while doing justice to the topic is also a width exploration of all engg disciplines.
    1st year of engg is glossary or glimpse of all the disciplines within engg (applied Science)
        with 1 subject being your own discipline for which every chapter is a future course (OS, DSA, SQL, etc)
    2nd and 3rd year are deep studies.
    4th year is again a glimpse into your master majors possible - you choose a set of electives to get a sneak peak
        not complete - like chapter-ize the courses in masters OR take a few pivotal courses among the gamut of courses.
    All courses are abstract and in India they need a little more application based approach with proper cost profit functions.
        our courses have always focussed on creating a world - architectural approach to building a thing yourself and not just being a consumer
        while being a consumer of every course is utter necessity - REL first you gotta understand shell, then think about coding an OS.
        every course is a world to be discussed in class for completeness of the world - how thorough is it, fast, performance, usable, etc.
    After that's done - every leaf of the schooling, is a service provider to a business (or enterprise, social admin included) or business (world) creator.
        what's a business after all schooling - bringing disciplines together
            eg - B2B making business run better thru Automation, Data Mining
            B2C - analytics at your home, home automation, etc.
        make ideas concrete if not done already - or add new features to them
            add a competitive flavor to the market with different usability, performance or features add ons.
        extend the ideas ahead with or without application
    All CS specializations create a world - done by architects.
        New apprentices do regular development (thru different consumptions) under them.
        World creators - architect for systems, architect for application, architect for data pipeline, architect for an innovative research idea.
    How am I distinguished, given my education
        I am a core CS expert - Researcher - Paper, patents, innovation.
            innovation lead or head (consuming all DS, Sys, AI, IOT, Maths, etc) in Apps Devp - can even quote or produce them if needed
        I am consumer of systems (distributed - kafka spark hadoop os shell) and know how the world has been created.
        I am consumer of DS - making models simpler ones or consuming deeply learned models.
        I am consumer of libraries, maths and other proposed ideas, papers, etc.
        So, hesitate with what comes your way - just align yourself and think how you can contribute to innovative side of the project
            world building is a desired quality.
            Any new project - do veni vidi vichi - then start your innovation business - try to get PDs for your innovation and not their regular work.
            I would even do that without PDs cuz hiring me is always the best bet or in best interest.
            I have done so many cross domain courses that world building isn't a big deal for me. Be it AI, Distributed computing, OS, DS, ML, DL, IOT.
            Attending courses is "my thing" cuz they are really innovation leads and know and explain well - the state of art.
    I get identified by my schools but also my peers - and let's not forget the off-site learning thru other channels.
        It's possible that I am a major in 1 school which may already be best in something but I would do courses in other schools to better other arms as well.
PIES - Gotta harness FDDL to the fullest.
    Harness fear to the fullest
    have pressure - society imposed and personal imposed
    Scrum meet based pressure and pressure to perform well for next scrum and expectations from oneself.
    MMA of life.
    Not that you put yourself in pressure but you accept it for betterment
        not you put your situation to showcase anarthas but when you interact you will get see your shortcomings or others' shortcomings to empathize in sobriety.
    when you put yourself in association - shortcomings on foundational level also show up - like bad communication, bad behavioral abilities, not robust attitude, etc.
    Similarly gotta harness Desire - what's the reward - where are you at?
    Gotta harness duty - how much do you contribute in percentage? Comparisons and competitions.
    Gotta harness love - how much TME do you give it? Exclude 10 mins hourly breaks.
PIES - Tapa by duration (days), tapa by intensity (in a day), tapa by investment - TME. Brahmaji told tapa. tapa is the difference maker.
    And of course that of past - called karma.
    Even why are demons able to outperform demigods sometimes - cuz of tapasya
    they may not align themselves to original intentions and plan but their willingness to pay the goddamn price is appreciated by Krishna.
PIES - Scriptures or movies or science or any study be for applications as follows
    look at the crew - director, writer, actor and their intentions - thru story or otherwise.
        figure out the author - Mood, Mission, etc.
    Story - DAG of story and different points of views thru stories.
        look at the cast / actors - from story perspective what was their role. What they said or did and how justified was that - what different could be done.
        Figure the story out. See perspectives of characters.
    Look at the contents or world view presented thru a character - how justified the statement is.
        Sequencing the content, sheer content - FOE, Knowledge, Understanding, Content Reorganization.
        Figure out the content.
    Look at yourself - how it affects you. What you would do in that situation.
        Figure out the personal emotional changes - which part you liked the most.
        Personal Application in situations.
    Applications from all the different angles of visions.
        So, it's about stakeholders X {Application, Content} X {SVAF} X {Personal, Social, etc}
        SVAF includes social applications, personal applications, etc.
    BS Course - Look at presenters, story FOE, content (cast, conversations), Wisdom (Knowledge, Understanding)
        typical sequence is looking at these from right to left.
        Also, applications can be applied from right to left only. All of these end up being personal applications only.
        let's do these in iterations for applications perspective.
PIES - SVAF - PIES Server -
    Config is about identification of all possible execution traces (mark them as features) to be presented to users
        mark them as configs yes/no and ability to tweak.
    Master is about ability to effectively give an execution trace which is an independent unit in a humungous DAG or Graph.
        it is like in a software you have ability to write any individual module. OR like @in a program you know and can write any individual statement.
        It is about states and transitions mastery but not about FSM creation or event planning end to end with ability to delegate eth in hand at scale
    Transaction means you can do it all yourself but you better delegate individual consumable chunks to right people.
        Transaction is about being a shark or being the boss or guide - overseer and not doer of individual things.
    Analytics means ability to draw insights from your runs and other's runs.
    Current Plan
        Semester
            Now, this semester is about winding up the mastery over DMPM of SVAF.
            Master will be about Regex of eth. Transaction will be about DAG of individual components of mastery.
            Analytics will be reflections.
            What follows phase of PIES Server is beyond the current scope and can be developed with passage of time.
            My life is DAG of DAGs - like Avengers story - it's doing justice to the movie, the phase and the storyline thru those phases.
            So, doing justice to current work, individual SVAF, culminating SVAF into S or happiness.
        Month - Psychology, Winning friends, Spring, Spark Kafka windup, Communication Patterns, Exercise, BG BY + JY.
PIES - 4 lives only - SVAF - social production and consumption (VA) - happiness hunt (S) and personal stabilization (F)
PIES - 3 tiers - personal, social, trans - some atheists think remove trans => More focus on VA and personal.
     Good performers there also - applications of trans on VAF but not hard add-ons - cuz FDDL takes care.
     What about drawbacks of trans - are they mis-applications of bad results really
     Trans not just personal ideologies but also social ideologies. Happiness hunt - at personal and universal level, social included.
     Spiritual frameworks - personal frameworks - beliefs, values, etc.
PIES - VA for social satisfaction - foundation for platform - utils for stable and healthy base.
    Sp/Tran/Truth for purpose of happiness - KC proposes love as highest prayojan in the Framework. // across scripures - avaroh but dictionary sizes different.
    aaroh also has frameworks - like multiverse, theory of relativity, etc.
PIES - Individual egos are dangerous until all of them believe in a society - VA.
    Eg - goons if believe in society then can give power as a service (PaaS).
    else it'll use power to exploit - but biz guy can hire goons to fight back.
    or lure max protection offering guy a little favor in return of protection from others - government is that.
PIES - BJDK phases translate into DM, PM, Regex and Hello world to sprints.
PIES - 2 targets - 1 to be teacher - DMPM for all YT channels and other social media - anything helpful.
    2. Resume for all - enrichment.
    I've done PIES b4 but for grats streaming and not for social grats, now that is the focus.
    Config to master to transaction - config = standardize = health + DMPM + abstracts - foundation + DMPM + abstracts.
PIES - Foundation = HAS - Health, Abstract (PIES and indiv), scrum.
PIES - meta for goal setting
    About
        B4 making goals - let's study what should be goals.
        kernel - begin with the end result in mind - go and get it - ask and it is given, knock on the doors and they open. Layers + BJDK.
    Varna Goal and use cases
        spiritual seva, social seva - excellent interactions, worthy of designations. logs of grats and lapse while achievements, huge returns or money or rewards.
    Ashram goals
        spiritual general seva not specialized. Social interactions with family and world.
        sume of experiences.
        stories and logs. Best streaming like foreign fun.
    Spiritual goals
        Preach, help s.t ease of DS, sume of courses and achievements - wha tall is done.
        Stories, ecstasies and logs, best streaming - fun bhajans.
    Foundation
        health for seva (like vessel lifting), health for others.
        sume of health efforts, stories / challenges / logs, fun of it.
PIES - incentives for all classes of people
    Power
        Physical, desirable / abhor / like, science / orchestration / i/f management, reasonsing, position, numbers
        alliance / partners
        All layer serving the chess game of power - character / competence ; guna or karma.
    Wealth / resources - role with max wealth - achieve for wealth.
        love for wealth, partners for wealth, eth for wealth.
        demand supply middleman/ invest. Role to max that. delegate or oneself, make or buy, case stuies of wealth.
    Knowledge - BJDK and debates and discussions. Love for knowledge. Worship knowledge.
    Talent or skilled for grats - enjoy at or with 7, position => enjoyment.
        Like SG, etc it gets you. Allies for help, who can help.
        Getting work done is end goal for reward.
        Solution - study some highly skilled ppl and category-wise what all they did to get there.
        Love for skill.
PIES - Social layer like spiritual and ego layers comes with high rewards if done properly
    but likewise, also dangers, obstacles, difficulties, vulnerabilities like exploitations.
PIES - year goal
    for SQ - next master section should be Applications centered and bridge - no overlap cuz application is the focus and bridge is already done just revisit.
    for IQ - FL, Switch-ability, MBA (investments)
    for EQ - DMPM; Networking, GF.
    For PQ - Yoga, Running, NFP.
        Books - win friends, 7 habits, tony robbins, etc.
PIES - fearless, interactions, power, personal commitment, being a man not a boy - std others and eth and fearless - doer, orchestrator, provider.
PIES - Foundation - Personal (VA being social) - ABCD
    Attitude (all good qualities)
    Behavior - Skills, talents, health, amusement, practices, rituals.
    Communication - verbal - content for different rasas, figure of speech; Body language, tone.
    Devotion - scrum plan, exec, retro, etc.
    HAS - health (B), Abstract (AB), Scrum (D).
PIES - In Master phase of IQ, you gotta be a hackathon guy (innovation comes naturally) - quicker implementer of anything
    no responsibility to create a business but feature devp very fast.
    Regex knowledge so quick feasibility; POC available so quick implementations.
    Transaction phase will be ability to start business or support business - whichever is most rewarding.
    This track is ignoring FDDL mapping with discrete phases cuz former is continuous and should not dependent on latter.
    In Ashram, master is about ?(ability to do anything with resourcefulness) and later ?event plan, management or orchestrate.
    Once master phase starts, stories will start happening cuz it will be applications of eth PIES.
    Of course not at scale but individual short fun stories.
    In transaction those stories become novels or big deals worth talking about as stand alone topics.
    Foundational perspective, master will mark not just ABCD fundamentals but leveraging them actively every day with logs => Stories.
PIES - master phase is about speed - urgency - getting stuffs done in a unit time.
    this habit will come from trying speed in everything I do - speed in exercise, speed in bath, speed in sleep, speed in book reading, speed in code implementation, speed in interactions.
PIES - Master is like application phase - history study is config.
    historical applications in current times is master.
PIES - Applications of economics in Foundations
    there is only so much you can achieve on Production Possibilities frontier (PPF) without sharpening the saw and foundational changes.
    so work hard but more importantly learn to work smart and improve the work itself.
    We start from a place where we have measured TME stock which we can exchange or trade in order to achieve overall wellness on the PPF.
    But we should grow the multi-dimensional karmic curve thru practice, techniques, action in stretch zone and foundational improvemtns (stability MOG, etc)
        also innovation, application of other fields and applications into our own.
    Too little of PIES will cause suffering and also too much of PIES will come at a price of others - so trading TME wisely on PPF - get to the point of interest.
        but also stretch it so that the radial distance from the origin increasees - preferably in all the dimensions.
PIES - Get Agitated or not - Grat streaming now vs later
    How can I not get agitated in worldly situations while being here, I should be agitated and take apt steps
    The answer is in abstraction of life at different grains
    Hour gets lost - only its essence or abstract remains.
    Similarly, Day, week, month, year all pass away with only its essence or abstract remaining which we can also call as karmic reactions.
        This can be thought of as fragrance which wind carries after its all gone.
    So, from karmic perspective, we gotta know where (state) we wanna land into - cuz eth else will just pass through us.
        even that state will also pass thru (cuz temporary world) but that state characterizes higher grat streaming.
        This also means that in pursuit of the state, you should not lose current set of state you transition thru
            cuz what if that final state ain't that rosy.
            OR what if that grat streaming comes packaged with some maintenance or even pain streams.
            what about current state if always you are see green grass on other side then even after reaching there you will find grass still farther.
            So, ideal way of living is grat streaming through the state (without infatuation in pursuit of something still higher)
    This line of thinking explains that while we want to enjoy in the current state - this is still a transitory phase to be traversed through.
        We would like to navigate thru these states with as little bothers as possible
        but even the set of bothers along the way, is a great help for final state which we had not even conceived of yet.
        So, while doing justice to all current situations is important for grat streaming, our ideals don't lie in current shit but in evolved states of being.
    So practically speaking, whether work for the present or prepare for the future - both are just 2 different tasks in a backlog which are meant to be processed by OS thru preemption.
        and there is a need to reflect and retrospect and introspect so that we stay calm, understanding the larger scheme of things desirable.
        @just like, daily scrum is important but doing justice to them isn't enough - sprint end retrospection still matters or rather matters far more and so forth.
        So, keep eyes on sprint goals is far important but at expense of daily scrum, would be a clear of sign of shortcoming or falling short.
        Also, an important exercise to find our state expectations (vision and goals) at different grains - life, decade, 2 years, semester, month, etc.
        And this line of thinking comes under transaction phase of server - it's not config or master - actually it's meta of transactions so can call it config.
        This adds another dimension to our PIES - it is FDDL incentive but also for present or future or past - 3 cardinality of this set.
PIES - present framework of thinking - if your allies don't give justice to your present, break the bond - whether IQ or EQ or whatever.
    but we can't decide it on smaller grains cuz life is meant to have those flavors as well for well being.
    Lifetime commitment - conditionally (if eth goes fine) or unconditionally (irrespective) these are other combinations
        think these in cartesian product with IQ and EQ, etc.
        So, if boss ain't proper will you still stay with him for lifetime?
        Or if husband is crazy and drunkard, do you still stay with him for lifetime?
PIES - why we gotta work under concern mode or fear or tension mode.
    actually no matter who or where you are that's how things are supposed to be.
    Our choice or expertize is in making best choice for a set of tensions. Changing from 1 tension to another tension of our choice.
        Eg - In all pies, child birth, marriage, DevOps to DS or teacher or vv, etc.
    when we act and fantasize about ideal life and act towards it - we just choose a new package of concerns under new circumstances.
    This is not pessimism but a reality - golden chains or iron chains are all chains.
    Unalloyed streams of grats is possible in heaven. Here, you find kheer - either limited or adulterated or bodily limited.
PIES - Transaction phase characterized by making allies like people do for songs, movies, x-men, marvel avengers
    the best emerges when we have cooperating lions. And event management on top of that is transactional phase.
    Mastery over your craft and hence cooperating lions is something you exhibit across these phases, especially in transactional.
    But managing this cooperation is also yet another role - but high level delegation and overseeing juniors yes, cuz you are truly the master in transactional phase.
    Master phase is also about ability to show all the talents you have - like in singing - all kinds of singing within a song - hip hop, stretch, pop, etc tapestry.
        Or like avengers movie - you know what your audience wants so create a story to get to the points of their interest in interesting ways.
        And precise rewards that you know they want.
PIES - IQ is a problem to solve. EQ is a different problem to solve etc - similarly for PIES.
    IQ is standardized service. EQ is standardized love. These are different problems to solve.
    Standard service streams - we can serialize top down and all these mantras + 1 more thing is interactions to have more or less complete picture.
    We make interactions while making business problems, functional specifications; there interactions while finalizing design;
    Implementation discussions - blockers, cross team services and clarifications; code review for design checks.
    Functional review for functional checks. V-shaped all discussions exist - these showcase power (or responsibility) and is a contribution which elicits applauds and rewards.
    EQ notices how much services are being done but more importantly how they are utils for love (to whatever degree).
    SQ - can't expect worldly love from spirituality else we will be discouraged. But it is transcendental and takes game to next level.
PIES
    Psychology of mirroring for survival helps make different cultures along with all its variegated-ness and attractiveness.
    Already existing tendencies from subtle body - a person expresses himself and similar subtle bodies like it.
    Encouragement to do that more and also starts a mirroring effect - we like to be the ones we idolize and general tendency to be the ones around us.
    Thus, a person tends to adopt lots of mannerisms of people around him - thereby making clusters at level of city, state, country
        cuz of degree of association and idolizing which is natural being similar subtle bodies.
        that's why neighboring clusters have similar properties or resembling properties.
    It's not even about differences in subtle body or degree of similarity but compatibility of subtle body for ashram be it a friend or whatever.
PIES - ability to control emotions spontaneity - just like ability to control your laughter when 7 gets hurt.
    REL in JSR I laughed but handled by leaving the room.
PIES - SQ - Realm changes with spiritual advancement.
	We may think that it is ego that determines realm - to a good degree it does. but not entirely. Abstract out further from ego interactions within a society and you realize that the society could have had different models called social ideologies. Those social ideologies accept or reject the worldly "tools" of different crafts or egos depends on the their beliefs, social customs, social values, etc. Eg - India accepted IT but with lots of discussion on the impacts it will have in the economy. Realm is not just made the interaction of those egos that make up the economics but also human psychology of that place.
	A person of similar subtle body is born in that place and pivots to an ego as per the upbringing and person attraction. But the person feels very happy in the ambience and environment of that place. Identifies a lot with people. Believe in the ideological end goals, ideological means, etc. The thing to them is superior to themselves. It stands above them. This explains why people agree to die for their nation or for their profession in taj. Some rebels fight against the state - to them they are fighting on this layer which is above their personal ego.
	That's why people persuaded with spiritual reasonings are dangerous and so terribly wrong. It addresses a need of belonging to a realm of choice.
	Different places are differently suited as per the state of anarthas or weeds you have. Surprisingly people with anarthas in some places are very highly situated - it is a disadvantage spiritually so first it's not that good. Why opulence? We should not be jealous of anybody behind the surface. Whoever has opulence has got them by the grace of god - on what basis? they have paid the price. The price of tapasya or penance, the price of giving time, money, efforts. The price of donations, etc. These are spiritual dimensions expressed in the material realm. They may even be into spirituality but at their deepest core they have taken birth in a realm cuz they belong there - from subtle body perspective. After death the realm is chosen on the basis of subtle body - family and society is given as per what would be most apt.
PIES - SQ - I don't think very high of people - well, duh! in general but more evolved state is like 6 goswamis of bowing down to even neophyte devotees.
	what does this mean? It means that they are fully dedicated to the transcendence and whatever spark of transcendental rightness they find they bow down unto that and the holder is respectable for representing that to whatever degree.
	Less anarthas are good for business - eg a person arranged for another plate free of cost cuz we were not satisfied with the service. Don't you think if we were frequent visitors, we will like to visit them again. Whereas those who are cut to cut and would rather take rounding off as ceiling instead of floor or nearest digit of even mild amount, we will be less disposed towards it. Many may ignore accepting anarthas as they are but you know what is more respectable and gratifying experience.
PIES - Manasvi - fully active but not conscious of surroundings - like in a sleep b4 wake up
    scientists are manasvi st forget surroundings.
    Yogis are manasvai. Tapasvi - is absorption in tapa. Taking self on mind or tapa - incentive-ize your meditation.
PIES - Give direction to your efforts
    We end up with lots of busy-ness - it is important that we always know our culminating point else we tend to go haywire.
        ultimately eth ends what remains is the abstract - we are not meant to play with cheap thrills but see a larger picture.
        The follow lists different granularities goals but they are not mutex and the former is meant to act as the lighthouse for the latter.
        It is like you are on a journey but choose the trace which is more satisfying. Some people may choose the shortest trace in favor of enjoyable ride - that's a personal choice.
    And may feel a sense of incompleteness even after doing a lot. The hierarchy of goals is as follows:
        Godhead - truly worthy goal after life - we have to achieve the stage of love by EOL - so need urgency. Eg - SP line.
            At least, qualify for the righteous circle
            At least, qualify to be a demigod
            SVAF - Spiritual visions, VAF - subtle body readiness for next lives.
        Legacy - Giving legacy (BJDK - showed way, knowledge, PS, made something) to future generations - everything else abstracts out to nothing - but legacy lives on.
            Eg - ISKCON, Yoga by Ramdev, many historical personalities like freedom fighters, etc.
            SVAF - legacy in spirituality, legacy in varna (research papers), legacy in ashram (3 idiots movie), in foundation (some abstract health topics)
        YOLO - Living a fulfilling life - all layers of gratifications - YOLO conscious life.
            S - Social Spirituality
                Love for Jivas.
                service as a goal - contributions in the present.
            V - Ego - Becoming - by paying the price. Heisenberg.
                Intel - work where lots of challenges are solved - all the while. Walter White's Umph!
            A - Mind - fun where social consumption is significant - all the while. Swat Cats Yeah! Ye zindagi milegi na dubara.
            F - best and authentic personal self - where I get to learn and be what I want while I am here. Newton, batman, spider-man.
PIES - Analytics - after a trip as a host - moments and what it tells about a person.
	Benefits of all plans made by all the people.
	Buying something - recall logs or information from past - ranjeet Avenue very costly - my expenditures those days vs flexibility available these days.
PIES - ego satisfaction to become something vs extended ego to make someone - have an impact or making your clone.
	Achieve vs make achieve.
	Feel vs make others feel.
	This added influence is actually a spiritual layer and can be 1..n, the more the better.
	Projects - routine, emergency, scheduled, fun, etc - which projects are going on in ur VA this week or month?
PIES - Everything is worth it if final highest grats are assured - getting spiritual World (realm of love) or spiritual transcendental love in abstract sense - it's culmination of services in spiritual layer as per alignment (worldly alignment is potentially dangerous and rewarding as per TPC).
PIES - Serving within this world can be thought of as spiritual layer - impact of this mentality reflects in all the layers below as serving peers and external customers.
	Earlier VA was about one's own grats but after this, it's about others and offerings and services.
	So, yes I have to grow spiritually, trans spiritually I have invested but not spiritually - it has potential to be a substitute as per isho but it's a layer below trans not the highest.
	Throw yourself in situations you will end up talking and serving - the habit of shying away cuz of some bad experiences is a bad conditioning - I don't suffer very bad from it but there are traces cuz of which I am not best spiritually or at serving.
PIES - health check is a must before transaction starts - fir car driving - it is to check tyres, mirror, position, seat belt, gears clutch working, etc.
	This is a config phase only.
	Next is master phase, where you can do everything alone (no delegation expected), a little ability to delegate a task to another and monitoring is within the scope but not coordinating interplays of n tasks (that's fully transactional) - event handling or rather event management with initiative to customer level deliverables - like organizing diwali, arranging a party, guiding a team for an end result.
PIES - Metric tuple for Prayojan if varna - fddl - politics or job security (iow, struggles in ur field and how to come up the ladder), money, job talk or fun in work - dhyan or contribs, duty - features or devp coming out.
	For ashram - it's tmp - things, money, ppl.
	Bjdk is actually Abhidheya.
	metric for spirituality and foundation to be worked out - but it's very far - stuck in anartha nivritti, godhead is far off.
	CRM talks - includes past present future of narratives (narrative = story, transaction, plan #ppp - past, present, future)  - seek or elicit whole of SVAF - in state and stories - and mesh it up thru graph of master dmpm, standardization (abstract, config) or analytical insights.
	Time be divided as 12-3-3 as ideal and normally distributable over time.
	Spiritual happiness metrics tuple - @food eating - no bad habits (dependence on temporary highs), peace (satisfaction), preaching (bubbling with telling others the key).
	Foundation abcd is the means or the metric - where do you stand in abcd wrt fddl.
	Likewise, ashram also fddl for tmp.
	These all are state measurements towards Prayojan but what is crescendo - that's max happiness thru them - so going towards yoga after a certain point in SVAF metrics of fddl - not that I be richest man and then, you would want to be richest man ever.
PIES - the ideal course is avaroh and couple that up with aaroh in the day cuz we are not supposed to sell to a theory but get inspired by it - cultivate realisation organically - this is when pratyaksh and anuman meets shabda - so live with shastra chakshu as a guide - suggestions not compulsions.
	Interestingly they will meet.
	Extremes of aaroh and avaroh are of course possible but a heali balance is ideal and desirable.
PIES - master means personal mastery.
	Transactional complete at personal front.
	Transactional means ability to leverage others - ability to have scaled outcome thru collaboration.
PIES - config atq - 5 formal, 5 informal shirts, lots of packed new shirts, 2 pants, 4 jeans.
	4 pajama 2+2w and 1 shorts, 11 home t-shirt, 3 kurta 1 pajama.
	2 ties, 4+2 winter socks.
	3 sweater.
	Config at Bangalore - 3 formal, 6 informal (4 + 2 still formal), 3 jeans, 2 pants, 9 home t-shirt, 4 pajama (2+2w), 2 track suit, 2 sweater and 3 jackets.
	Plan - take 2 informal with you, take 1 or 2 jeans to blr, 1 pant if you want, no formal (swaps maybe), 0 pajama, 1 iiitb labelled home t-shirt there.
	Socks no change.
	No sweater reqd there but definitely reqd here in atq.
	Philosophy - have 1 week clothes for sure.
	Variety, excitement, etc.
PIES - But world needs to understand is that people are not good or bad they are just people with different degrees of contamination or severity of disease which is called as rascaldom.
	Fact is that it's complicated - but simplistic to put labels and worst labels being good or bad - fact in ethical terms is different degrees of alignment vectors.
	Esteem and humility coexist and are not mutually exclusive.
	It is just like to move from a to b, you need to be aware of a and also of b minus a.
	The thing more important than scientific correctness is love and fact that we are on a journey with different states.
	So, a little empathy is required.
	My life trace helps me to be kind and loving - the conditional dharma also gives great delight - seeing leaders as representatives of God - to different degrees but still respect-worthy.
PIES - Be it child, marriage, school or life itself - it will always come with a set of grats and grets.
	But the journey is worth taking cuz of primarily spiritual evolution, being leader to contribute to your legacy, unique grats hitherto missing.
	Adhrit is representing his parents, eventually teachers, etc - of course I have to have good crm with all.
PIES - arch - merge ERP - crm with SRM, SCM, etc.
	Syami sees laddu and thinks for family first - this is next level.
PIES - self improvement and self acceptance has to coexist.
	Overeating isn't your weakness, getting agitated over manhandled isn't, etc.
PIES - desire platform means getting desirable (11 and 00).
	Fear means 10 and 01.
PIES - Arch in A of SVAF.
	U supposed to avail benefits of exception when needed.
	Feverish - can't be casual.
	You are a leader, losing ain't an option nor is laxity.
	Every mistake imparts pain to 7.
	Driver with contracts power - real arch.
	Social smart or street smart.
	Getting doctor when necessary.
PIES - Foundation - It is about well being. Divided into 4 as follows
    Attitude - Internal or mental well being. Mental States - personal psyche.
        Can stretch this to include external conduct in personal space.
    Behavior - Well being with respect external conduct (personally or socially) - eg driving car, polity, etc. Social psyche (or personal well being in society)
    Communication - Well being thru Interactions or exchanges. Networking - micro-economics and fun
    Devotion - Well being thru being purpose centric. Scrum. Effectiveness or IQ Motivation.
    Conclusion - Psychology, economics and Motivation is at the heart of this.
        but also social studies for behaviors eg but that can always be studied under ashram.
PIES - Humility - Emphasis is not how little I know but rather how much there is know. The latter is humility and former is proof for the same or self deprecation.
    Better focus on latter. How much there is to know. Even in IQ.
    Best combination is self Confidence or esteem - that I know what I know but there is so much to know - like Newton.
PIES - Goals that truly matter.
    Godhead
        PIES - BTG, CS Life, Heavenly, Experienced.
    Legacy
        PIES - Spiritual Books or knowledge, Varna Streaming for the world, Art of living at different grains, Ideas worth sharing.
    YOLO
        PIES - All philosophies in essence (life mystery); New features, new smart apps - I did that umph; Enjoy love in various spheres (most fun emotion is love tinged with different worldly moods); Experience everything (All games, driving, and stuff).
    About - Sume and Scrum planning ensures them.
        Goal settings are always going to be based on advertisements and how they emotionally affect - too rigid won't help and being gullible also won't help. Go with reason and hunt for fun.
        Advertisements for YOLO mode, ads for legacy; ads for godhead - until something sticks with you.
PIES - DSA Applications - SVAF - Problem solving -
    DnC in everything be it time management, finishing tasks, etc. Backtracking in homely tasks, Greedy approach is st the best.
    Ways of organizing things (DS), DP - Standardized bottom up or standardized top down is best rewarding in terms of time.
    Induction - solve smaller problem then add bits to a solved problem.
PIES - Design Patterns SVAF Applications - Creation (single creation thru single source, factory to create with specification)
    structural - adapter - let it behave as it should; let consumer be as he wants - we bridge the 2 to connect well.
    behavioral - observer - let an entity get subscribers thru service (onus on subscibers). Entity will inform all subscribed ones on event.
PIES
    YOLO pinnacle is social validation like being a celeb for something.
    It has to be across the layers otherwise it will be shallow.
    The validation is goal when we are talking YOLO life but in face of legacy, validation is a utility only.
    Stabilization in SVAF means finding a niche where you become celebrity or get huge social validations along with worldy rewards and power.
    In SVAF world, you are a leader. People are leaders like being parents, being political leaders, etc.
    PIES Engineering should already get you to personal level SVAF or achieving ego gratifications on personal front. Social recognition would be good add-on, if possible.
    This social validation comes in different grain and 3 levels (CNI - Concern Need Interest - FDDL)
        You are helpful (not awkward or disturbance) - F or C.
        You are recognized as a menber contributor (accepted as one of us) - D or N.
        You are celebrated (celeb) - This should be our target - D or I.
        //Your love for craft is visible - L as fuel.
PIES - I am NodeJS. Asynchronous threads - keep the context so as to return to them with all details when necessary. Time saved for something more useful.
PIES - I have paid the goddamn price of MOG - people striving for enmity which you refuse. etc.
    You are manipulated into acting in a certain way - but I believe in acting in that way - don't refuse only cuz you are aware of it and refuse to accept manipulation.
    Doing dharma even if it triggers different feelings.
PIES - IF the basis of marriage is avoiding problems then it's MOI; it's its only enjoyment then MOP, etc.
    So, what should the criteria be - Godhead, Legacy and YOLO.
    Godhead perspective - I gotta get a god conscious lady or better stay focussed.
        Association is the key here - not 1 person but n people.
    Legacy perspective - Think and grow rich - either be brahmacari or find a cooperative partner (also helpful in home ishta goshti)
        Here there can be allies and frieds - life partner can be a potentially great add on.
    YOLO perspective - I need a lady who clusters with you - relate both wanna see anime or stuff.
        Being complementary with each other is a great add on. 1's weakness is solved by another's strength.
        Also, there's so much fun these days outside in consumerism that the impedance mismatch can be escaped.
PIES - Varna - we cluster on basis of fewer characteristics so huge radial distance. But formalizations will make it easy to interact or navigate thru to interesting places.
    Ashram we cluster on more dimension but impedence mismatch is gonna be a reality anyways and proximity does expose the differences at times being informal and gives pain. But purpose centric then see beyond differences to interesting places.
    Religious or doctrine or philosophical differences is 1 thing. What about differences within religion about practices and even philosophy - how long will ppl suffer cuz of ignorance of the reality of impedance mismatch.
    Foudational differences also exist - in sheer values you believe, behavioral modes (straight vs manipulated), communication languages (in different modes), Devotion conflicts (ideologies).
    So impedance mismatch is a fact - let's see beyond differences to what we want.
    MOI avoids the impedance which is so natural and sth to empathize with but not the best move (although this line of reasoning may be unnecessary given that it's anyways not pop) but still e1 needs to answer himself as well.
        Impedance can be overcome thru proper management.
        There is fun in overcoming the impedance that shows up or does not even show up cuz of good management.
        There are rewards and power in the clustering in spite of impedance.
        Many a times we can escape conflicts thru non-confrontation and unwillingness as if boring.
            in varna, that's recommended to not touch religion and politics - and that could be true in ashram realm also many a times.
            Like saying - This is so boring - it's simple - do if you like; leave if you don't. Why conflict.
PIES - SVAF as world thinks of it - All these terms may be unpopular among people of little knowledge - they oppose certain bad stories or maybe just following along pop culture (blindly - but let's not say it) - what they really need is clarity.
    In our presentations we don't wanna fight or confront - rather reason it as if convincing ourselves - others doubts become our doubts and we gotta share how we look at it. That's all.
    What if doubt triggers a bad reaction in us. Yes, it can and that's a danger of preaching but JY means we are open (in both aaroh and avaroh ways without mix up between the 2 of them) to ideas and interpretations.
    Best attack on avaroh is proving vedas paurusheya - human origin.
PIES - Manipulations isn't restricted to MOP. All MMN may involve manipulation 
    In MOI - it is intended to escape; In MOP, it is intended for power or money or position or distinction or enjoyment; In MOG it is intended towards other's well being or alignment or 1's own.
    In Trans, it is alignment with the trans - ur own or others' - so yes manipulating them in their interest and not even scandalous in the means to a justified end but even justified means.
PIES
    All SVAF - created, maintained and Deleted - with tapa and on basis of satya.
    Varna - recruitment based on satya. I am in company cuz I contribute. I will properly wind up when necessary. So with other PIES.
    Ashram satya - that I don't just show care - I show it cuz I care it and ain't fool to not show if I have it.
    1 thing that I work hard to give desirable outcomes to my partners and even the means are very pleasurable.
    I don't forget means in pursuit of goal or vv. Balance of enjoying goal and the means.
PIES - we can fight over practically everything - cuz it is all about balance - no matter what 1 says - there can be a counter argument for it for fact.
    So we don't want to keep arguing over trifles but always thru discussion find a healthy balance for ourselves.
    So every discussion should be intended to guide us in some positive direction.
PIES - Fearlessness
    Fear is for the future - that desirable should come in required amount and undesirable should not come - this is bad expectations cuz undesirable helps us just as desirable.
    Fear is felt more in MOP cuz attached to grats streaming and life feels futile without it. So MOG is the mantra.
    Fear is great power cuz it incentivises the regulated desirable behavior - at least for things that are under our control. Circle of influence => responsibility.
    For the things that are not in out control, why don't we just accept that there are things beyond our control (Circle of Concern) - called karma.
    Of course we can decide how to respond and plan around them just like exception handling.
        Clear expectations and what to do when expectations are not met - we don't paralyse bad with a runtime exception but handle them gracefully.
    Spirituality can help a great deal by 
        regulating the value of material realm
        seeing the bigger picture (higher abstractions of life)
        Declaring dependence.
        Realizing one's position as tenant and attachments in MOP and false identifications.
        tattva view
        karma, mind control, value reset, etc.
    without transcendence also.
        no fear cuz the life should be worth living think freedom fighters, think army men, etc.
            Life deserves to be respected and nobody has right to undermine it.
            What is the life which only worked hard like donkey and died one day - heck didn't even enjoy the world.
        It is about the life you believe in - and paying the price of whatever comes our way to live it should be paid.
            if you fear wrong choice and resulting undesirable price 
            plz understand every decision steps from current state of being and it is the being which deserves correction not actions alone.
            So, still mistakes should be welcome.
        Problems are meant to be faced and not avoided.
            If you don't know how to deal with them - the problem is precisely this and not in mistake and that too from external (@ CS - dependencies or external services - mockito in mind)
PIES - Foundation enablement or focus for powerful SVAF.
    Foundation is util for others - self love the basis - it's abstract and concrete but undercurrent in social settings of VA.
    D - Devotion - has 2 utils.
        A - Attitude
        BC - Behavior and Communication
    Devotion for personal goal (even social and trans goals)
        SVAF goals - FDDL based priority
            Internal, CRM, FIN, Foundation or health or stability - security, power, performance, etc.
            iow, Love or enjoy it, Contribute the most or High Sell Value (MSP), Profits maximized and increase over time, stability.
            In VA - Fun, Praises (self and external), Profits or networks (potential or employed profits), relax life.
        Devotion in life is Deep Learning neural network -
            where for 1 end result there are lots of layers to be optimised (not necessarily maximized or minimised)
            Those individual layers represented by behavior - edge represented by communication - attitude is the algorithm.
            to get the final best results of classification or whatever.
        When devoted to object of devotion, you get healthy target of devotion - healthy person, family, nation, etc.
    BC
        Behavior - in all the interactions we should act in ways that facilitate our objects of devotion.
            huge self help books, tips and tricks on multi-media.
            Whole body of social conduct (it's still foundational and personal in FBD - Free body diagram).
            Based on principles in psychology and economics - polity, persuasion, initiatives all come in this.
            Study of Human behavior - what works and what won't work, etc.
        Communications necessary within the behaviors for devotion - in both VA.
            Purpose driven (Need and concern based) - or formal. May also have interest element in favor of mutual success plan
                having protocols for success plan.
                gotta give justice to economics.
                From experience or MBA or scriptures.
            Liking driven (love and fun) - informal
                personal long term goal (love for field) - eg V some field or role so I like listening about it.
                social mutual win goal (fun for short term or long term alliance) - mutual interest in fields => so love talks
            How? Tier arch
                Presentation Layer - Spice up the presentation.
                    Elicit emotions thru 12 rasas study.
                    Language mastery.
                Content (Application Layer) - Stories and principles
                    Narratives - past stories, update stories or news, future plans.
                    Principles - revisit the journey, discover, principles brain-storm.
                    Trigger - I have done lots of homework in this b4 - let's revisit that sometime.
                Persistence - what stays with us or impressions or take away or take home message.
    A - Attitude - this is the qualities or values or beliefs we hold sacred so traversal path that we adopt.
        This is not tips and tricks but inner drivers.
        This is whole body of personal conduct - scriptural guides and traditional ideas like think and grow rich, etc.
PIES - Effective SRM - how to best spend money?
    Concern - All the transactions I must do - food, lodging, clothing.
    Need - All SRM that is necessary for CRM.
    Interest - Grats at all the layers.
        Senses - Mall products.
        Mind - Multimedia, stories.
        Intel - Consuming world services to achieve. Ideas worth sharing.
        Ego - Shopping for status symbol - what quality you buy.
        Spiritual - ?
PIES - Many people blindly think that greedy approach algo to happiness is the best algorithm but it's not - intelligence to enjoy as per BG.
    Others could be induction, DnC, Backtracking, approximation, etc.
PIES - Attractive Checkpoints - what they stand for in general - how do you serialize the achievements to get to a checkpoint.
    SVAF - all the following:
    F - Attractive checkpoint of healthy body (metabolism and anatomy), healthy physiology, heathy psyche.
        Oj, Fragrant, sharing meals, great touch, tej. Best Body metrics. Puzzle solver.
    A - Experiences (backlogs) cultivation in love centred co-enjoyments and re-live them thru stories and abstracts.
    V - Team Player who contributes a lots of backlogs (ideas and impl)
    S - Godhead is state attained at love of God but other checkposts are also attractive - nishtha, anartha nivritti.
PIES - Stagification of our goals give us a checkpoint to look up to and persevere for.
    SQ - Stagify attractive checkposts.
        About - Bhajan kriya although the result of powerful SS, is also a fuel (other extensions) thru all these stages.
        Godhead - or Love of God - Different internal checkposts like ruchi, asakti, bhav, etc.
            God emotion (ultimate) experienced with God - foreshadowed by many checkpoints.
        Nishtha - unshakable - powerful reasoning ability and realization that transcends even reasoning.
            unshakable by arguments; by twisted (targetted or cultural) manipulations; by best of stimuli; etc.
        Regulated Life - Do and Don't - Anartha Nivritti and BK
            Unmanifest - 4 things roasted.
                KR - Karmic reactions - conceptual attraction but also characterised by a general happy state.
                Karma - No self fear of action. Self trust and confidence. 4 regs => Gentleman.
                Kutam - potential dangerous sanskars but not vrittis; and parallel roasting of sanskars and vrittis as well - little attention avoids sanskars inputs also.
                    no proclivities or pulls - no more agitated states. no unsettlements of missing out of sth.
                Beejam - Deep Taste in KC so no dependence on external tastes (they may or may not still be allowed exist as flavors but no dependence)
            Manifest - worldly cultivated addictions overcome. Light weight life and power to redirect in worthy goals.
            BK - Deep Meditation Sessions. BK itself is attractive.
        Sadhu Sang - Wonderful lovely people to be around.
    EQ - Stagify attractions.
        Godhead - Great co-enjoyments abstractions.
        Nishtha - Excellent Plans and executions. PPF - Past Present Future.
        SS and AN, BK - Fun interactions and value adds. Fun sessions with you.
    IQ - Stagify attractions.
        Godhead - CS Life - products with great user experiences and customer satisfaction.
        Nishtha - Architecture - great discussions with best organized products and features.
        SS and AN - Smart people around. Productive interactions (no silly mistakes). Best deliverables.
    PQ - Health Stagify Attractions.
        Godhead - Awesome health.
        Nishtha - Great workouts.
        SS and AN - Suggestions and No health lapse.
PIES - if you get insecure with 7 performing great in any of SVAF, that should be an object of adoration and inspiration 
    if that unsettles you then that exposes the gap of your vision and current state resulting in jealosy.
    If it's inspiration then you acknowledge their contribution in the culture you believe in and you are inspired in that spirit.
PIES - Adhyatma makes a great combination with Varna and ashram constantly exposing the lack of our alignment with spiritual platform.
    Like lack of spiritual qualities - exposing our MMN attachments, inducing agitations thru falling short on expectation or fear thereof.
    The ideal answers that you can give for how to handle a situation ultimately is what is expected from constitutional nature of soul, who is currently under conditioned atmosphere.
    That soul is unable to act as expected is an exposed shortcoming 
    although these qualities on psyche come naturally with spiritual advancement - and start to stabilize as good sanskars and vrittis, these should also be cultivated on our psyche (mind, intel, ego).
        this effort is sign of sincerity, 
        attracts Lord's attention, 
        gives a favorable culture for spirituality to in turn develop them, 
        is a sadhana itself - VA is good for SQ although maybe not the best answer. Eg - M Janak perfected thru this alone.
            Practically this is an assistance with other sadhana and not independent or alone or mutex.
            For that matter our BK sadhana is also performed at psyche level only to attract mercy.
    Godhead is defined not by comforts or ideal realm - it is that but most importanly, the state of being in love with most lovable person.
        It is really difficult - it's about full alignment and being in love - where it's not not about me anymore, it's all about you. Even beyond, it's all about us.
        It's a pipeline of perfection so although it seems far off, there will be many good examples - not pop in kali but eg will still be there 
            at least of those in past generations that stood out - many more that don't get their names registered. Mahajano yena gatah sa pantha.
        Typically it's difficult - from 1st introduction thru extended arm of Krishna (devotees), it takes 3 lifetimes - but that's not the package SP has given.
            it's possible we are already in our 2nd or 4th lifetime - both quality and quantity matters besides mercy.
            SP's standard is strict sadhana and services in surrender - a lifetime of surrender - that lives only for pleasing the object of love.
        There are many attractive checkposts like AN - manifest (true for habits breaking 4 regs - exact or approx) and unmanifest - that show up on stimuli or sustained stimuli.
            AN is crossed when share holding of KC has exceeded AN and any stimuli even if attractive is faded in face of KC and its culture.
            Nishtha where we are firm and see it for fact - this stage is ideal for preaching.
PIES - We are destined to become what we decide to be. Worst is no decision.
    My Ego - Godhead (ultimate god love), CS Life / Singham Winnow, CustomerOfGod/ SocialServer, Breathe Science.
    These are my decisions in SVAF. So, if that's true, I have made my choice.
    Proof of being there - when others start to say that about you. What's need of doing anything else - only these goals matter. Decision means - nothing but that.
        REL - You give a seminar and others explicitly address you as CS. You write papers and implicitly you are accepted as CS Guy. Your contributions on YT and people say wow the cs guy.
            also that well, you are a winner or singham (that's poetic that this was given to me from dev director and how my parents address me).
        REL - when others say that You are customer of god - you have experience world a lot. Or you are a social server - your contributions thru newspaper articles make a difference.
        REL - when others start to say that you are worthy of godhead or that you are in love for God - no damn pretension.
        Now, no1 will say that out of blue, it means that 
            wherever we are obligated, we get appreciated for doing best justice to our work like many comedians in their show. Being client makes me an edge server 
                REL like comedy of good level - not professional but awesome quality.
            And taking initiatives, like for CS Life, giving a seminar OR others have so much trust on you that they come and propose you give a seminar.
    What about escaping it all sometime - yes, regulate that as well or make most out of it - in terms of standardization. That's again customer of god for you. So, reduce eth to that.
PIES - Realization that materialists are amazing in their serving a certain layer of deep neural network - only that we have additional layer which uses the layer that they may be good at so take their help.
    Work or ashram is nothing but a dhyan session - meditation should not play around with your emotions. Emotions should be invested but not be playable by that. Meditation means fully aligned and absorbed into the object.
    There can be context switching involved and that's ok - that's a set of meditations based on 1 topic.
PIES - The plan is increase attraction towards sadhana and checkpoints.
    Always set the platform which stretches as if we are forced to say I am not ready for this and then make that work.
    REL - I may be on manifest AN stage but push yourself to Nishtha platform - here, it is expected that you will encounter some agitations and challenges 
        face them and learn to navigate thru them until that platform becomes natural.
    For AN, maintain a lapse log or agitation log. It should act as need for jnana and dhyana reminders 
        where head on limitation is and keep reminding yourself of tattva, divine qualities I must get.
        also incentivized top down approach of cultivating strong KC to be able to handle that.
PIES - Anartha Nivritti Phase is about not just tolerating pleasures but also pains.
    Not just tolerating but also solving and evolving
    Scope - Pain (3-fold miseries and BODD) and Pleasures (6+1 anarthas) over future promises, past sanskars giving a push and present persisting ones
        causing illusion or rebellion while taking fake or dangerous or sub-optimal shelters
    C - tolerating how - by taking shelter of something.
        material shelters as advised are good for stabilizing the situation but not ultimate.
        Fake and dangerous shelters should be avoided - like 4 regs breaking or escaping the problems or ignoring the pleasures inducing illusion
        Those not on transcendence inevitably depend on worldly shelters - VA and distributed souces for stability - n pillars of dependence instead of 1, etc.
        Some take only spiritual shelter - this is a high road which is master stroke but demands more price - so desirable but not easy - better club it with apt material shelters.
    C - Letting Go - Escaping is evading the problem but sometimes it helps.
        At least to gain mental equilibrium to face the problem or sometimes, helps us change the track (alternative) to avoid the problem.
        This path is also acceptance of fact that sometimes situations are just beyond us and we should let time heal it.
    I - Evolving how - By making the experience count - with advantages for future SVAF.
    N - Solving how - foundational changes or manipulations to make situation favorable for KC again 
        working on your attitude, worldly behaviors, communicating things well and devotion - focusing on what's worthy of devotion and readjusting paths or tracks of devotion.
PIES - There are more fallbacks after ashram, there's personal amusement be in varna or ashram based but personal - personal improvement (health included) also but that's more on the side of spiritual.
PIES - I spend so much TME - that's not for nothing - these have to add up.
PIES - SVAF in conjunction with FND.
    About 
        Love is not written cuz that's intrinsic fun.
        Let's focus on desire front until duty takes over (MOP to MOG practically)
    Varna - 
        Fear - Power
        Desire - Money
        Duty - Contributions - adding up to next levels arch, business, etc.
    Ashram
        Fear - Secure
        Desire - Funs of different flavors.
        Duty - Services.
    Adhyatma
        Fear - Anarthas.
        Desire - Different fun activities - drama, dance, songs, fundamentals, shlokas, etc.
        Duty - Preaching - adding up to next levels like BTG.
    FND itself - Health of layers.
        Fear - Weakness.
        Desire - Victor on all layers.
        Duty - Inspire others for health.
PIES - FND in SVAF.
    Start and end the day with AD of FND for VA (Attitude and Devotion - affirmations and visualizations - Plans and mental preparations)
        Late Morning for V and late evening for A - advocated by FDDL (Power, Money, Fun)
        affirmations, Motivational Videos, Visualizations, Plannings.
    Adhyatma also has AD - attitude and devotion towards the goal - advocated by FDDL.
        Early Morning for S and F. Perform AD, interspersed with BC. Some running, weight lifting etc also.
    All of these are interspersed with BC 
        Framework Behavior (determined for short term and long term ends) - also includes planning, architecture and personal ambitions / plans.
        Exits Communications - also includes time with technology or implementation for CS, for other fields it is interactions with people.
            Formal - purpose related
            Informal - fun related - emotions triggers - {Hero, Predator, Prey, Jokes} X {He, You, I}
PIES - FND - viz
    Physical health - Exercises, diet, sleep.
    Mental health - Games.
    Intellectual health - Puzzles.
    Ego health - Praises.
    Spiritual Health - Other schools.
PIES - Anarthas are utilities 
    they should be like body temperature - not 0 but adequate.
    But try follow +-+ formula to avoid getting infatuated by anarthas.
    Even alasya has its place like lust, anger, criticism, etc.
PIES - Eventually applications from eth including the entertainments. This is besides using quotes directly. Communication while watching and Behavior after watching.
PIES - SVAF Config Phase was about DMPM of eth in PIES 
    it does not have to exhaustive tree reaching till leaves but at least the prominent branches need to known so that we can explore them when needed.
    As an arch, you always need to know what is getting discussed by every team member. Spaced out isn't acceptable as an arch.
    Engineer work for an arch is important but this track of awareness, of what e1 is up to, is very important.
PIES - Yes, SocialErp should exist in its right intended to explore CHEG of S.St - Also working of SocialErp - Enterprises working style.
    The focus in SocialErp is not on consumption unlike SRM but on DMPM of the workings of society.
SocialErp - Close Credit Card
	https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/faqs/banking-faqs/how-to-cancel-your-icici-credit-card-heres-the-process/articleshow/68060144.cms
	https://www.icicibank.com/Personal-Banking/debt-service/payment.page?ITM=nli_cms_navigation_payment_debtservice
	https://www.finder.com/how-to-cancel-a-credit-card
	https://www.bankbazaar.com/credit-card/how-to-close-credit-card.html
SocialErp - 
	High penalty for road accident 
		Story - people lost lives. Chachaji. GT Road - mild negligence and 2 people badly injured and 1 lost leg - police case and court hearing - outside court rafa tafa then huge money cuz life wasted for laborer.
		Vikas Jiju - slow speed please - if I hit 7 or 7 hit me, problem is with my car only so better I drive the speed I feel comfortable with and I am comfortable in this speed. Your concern is respected and already taken care of as part of my planning.
	Tyres get ruptured so can't withstand from getting punctured.
SocialErp - Rent Agreement DMPM
	Stamp Paper - Create 100 Rs print with seal and sign. Unique Doc Reference Number. Certificate Number. Date. Account Ref. First Party. Second Party members. Duty Amount.
		Signatures of all.
		Contents - 
			Master - Party Intro - Name, Age, Address, Phone.
				Owner, attorney, address.
				Flat address with annexure A - furnitures and fixtures.
			Transactional - TnC (Last page)
				C - Selection of the home - Social conditions, home conditions (amenities, room facilities), Personal (neighbors, neighborhood, etc)
					Starts with Security Deposit, Rent and Maintenance by Apartment Association and agreement is signed by all.
					11 months validity - increment decided for next agreement.
					Permanent Address proofs - DL, PAN, Aadhar, Passport.
					No alterations, addition or omissions - amendment and fresh agreement possible. Original with owner. Legal copy with owner.
					set of keys for main door, letter box, bed rooms, wardrobes given.
				R - Incidental Charges by tenant. Personal - occupancy and vacating charges. Electricity, water. Minor repairs.
					One-time charges by owner - major repair, building renovation, property taxes. New facility in society.
					Mutually new facility then pay for buy and pay for use.
					Service tax or future liability borne of tenant.
					Monthly rent in advance by the date to specified account.
					no ownership - only residential purpose, no pets, nothing objectionable, neighbors no nuissance, annoyance, inconvenience.
					no structural alterations. no inflammable or hazardous substance.
					mutual scheduled inspections permitted. Keep it good and clean.
					Act of God then no accomodation liability.
					Car parking space with no additional rental
				U - !Rent encashment - can make tenant stop using the premise.
					missing payments for 2 months - stop.
				D - Notice Period 1 month or money equivalent. Painting charges. Vacate on agreed date else charges per day.
					SD - no standard interests, deduction of arrears, electricity, water, painting, damages.
					key to be returned - else recover the equivalent amount.
					1 month painting and refurbishment charges.
			Config - 3 BHK with furnitures and fixtures details.
			Analytics - Who stayed here b4. How seamless transition works, etc.
			Exceptions - 
		Schedule - survey number, signs of owner, tenants and 2 witness.
SocialErp - Postal Services including courier - CRUD
	Create - Weight equivalent stamps and pay for the letter which has sender and receiver address.
	Retrieve the status - by calling. Score of services with their CRUD. Speed post, registered post, money order, letter, etc.
	update - Not possible.
	Delete - not possible.
SocialErp - Banking
	C - some identity and address proofs.
	R - score of services with their CRUD - fund transfer, debit card, credit card, etc.
	U - converting account.
	D - with time like SBI, letter requesting closure and withdrawl of money like VIT bank branch.
SocialErp - Cinema - 3 tier architecture of Movie or cinema
	Presentation layers - dancers, actors crew, singers audio, video editors, etc.
	Application Layer - Executors - Director, choreographers, Dress artists, cosmetics providers, cameramen, stunts plannes.
	Back end - content providers - script writers, song writers, etc.
	Managers - Producers, Directors.
SocialErp - Mandi closed cuz of corona so a little hid spacious place - sat in front of house and morning disturbance then cleared.
	asked them to move from the home pavement quoting rule - should not come on this - take wherever.
	then mandi opened and not so much sales so went away.
	digging machine for sewerage. String 9 pm curfew - danda pared for those who stayed - for 1-2 times and little fear to control them.
SocialErp
	Amazon Prime Online
		Music - 
			Profile, following, followers, playlist.
			Settings - connect to device, setting, contact customer support.
			Home - suggested playlists - workout songs, new, more like abc, electronic.
			Find - stations (different roll ups on artist, theme, time granularity, region, duets, mantras, tops etc), playlists (tops, recently updated, etc), search (history).
			Library - recent (history), playlists (followed ones, recent explicit or implicit), albums, songs, genres.
			Alexa - speak your song.
			Observation - unique remixes available.
		Video streaming - 
			Home
				Season, Start over, download, watchlist, share.
					Details - imdb, year, episodes, summary, languages (audio, subtitles)
					Customers also watched - recommendations.
					cast and crew, Director.
					Chromecast, captions, zoom, next up, watch from beginning, exit playing.
					xray - scenes (jump to scene), in scene artists (famous for), trivia, cast, bonus content.
			Find
			Downloads
			My stuffs
		Reading - Amazon Kindle
			Home - From my library, more like xyz, recommended, more by abc, for you in prime reading, best sellers, new and notable.
			Library - All Kindle unlimited and prime partnership, Downloaded
			Store - to buy kindle books. Bestsellers, popular, no extra cost, New releases.
				Romance, Language, Science Fiction and Fantasy, Comics and graphic novels, teens and adult ebooks like harry potter, New releases.
			Details - Tap side or swipe to turn pages, center for status, double tap to zoom in. swipe to move thru, lower right corner tap.
			Sync / book updates / settings / info.
		Delivery - Fast Delivery
SocialErp - Fashion - Pose, stance, exclusive, sketches, mannequins. Look book, high fashion, cat walk, runway, ramp. style, fashion trend, fashionista or fashion victim.
SocialErp - Music - Guitar, Harmonium and Keyboard 
	Keyboard 
		notes (high, low), line and space note.
		grand staves - 2 of them - treble clef, bass clef
	Guitar - Frets, string, scales, chords, tab neck diagrams, tune, rhythm, tuning notes.
	Harmonium
		12 svara, naad (sudh, komal, tivra), 3 saptak - mandar, madhya, taar (lower, middle, high notes)
		ragas bhairavi, svar - sa, ga, pa - all songs.
			kahaan se nikalna hai - what will 'sa' be.
		song searching in wrong note - it's middle saptak sound.
			riyaz - to practice all the svara.
			alankar - to practice the svars. Sing along - to identify them. Speed. Doubling, patterns.
		taal - rhythm - aadhar - sangeet composed of gaayan, vaadan, nritya - inka base taal hai.
			symphony - all of them together else cocophony.
			Tempo - 10 beneficial alankar - practice all instruments as per those. 100, 120, 140 - speed of song changes.
			laya - fan speed, gears in car. taal - tolana - beats set which are repeated - meters. metronome app - tak..tak..tak..
		chords - think of it like design patterns - right combinations.
		Discipline and concentration.
		rhythm (laya) - regular and repeated like clock ticking, beat - every wave of rhythm, tempo - time gap between beats, rhythm cycle (taal) - need of separator. Laya also has tempo attached to it.
		an advanced performer may bring in playful variations in laya during performance 'but the tal(beat) does not slip out. That effect is called laykari
		Eg - Da Da Da Din Da Da Da Ho Da Da Da Din Da Da Da Ho - repetition after 8 beats and 1 cycle has 2 groups.
		frequently used taal eg - Teen Taal, Ek Taal, Jhap Taal.
SocialErp - Food
	Amritsar Punjab Dishes
		known for its rich, buttery flavours along with the extensive vegetarian and meat dishes
		sarson da saag, makki di roti.
		Karrhi Basmati rice.
		dairy products form an important component - highest per capita dairy consumption - ed yogurt and lassi, chaas, raita.
		Punjabi dhaba - chulha, tandoor, bhathi, hara.
		Breakfast - 
			Parantha - Alu, Gobhi, paneer etc with curd and butter - kulcha, 
			launji/Chhole puri/bhatura.
		Meals
			Khichdi, paneer, legumes, saag, bhartha, dhaba daal, kadhi pakora, lassi paneer,
		snacks - samosa, toasted grains.
		Desserts - lassi, masala chai, panjeeri, kheer, khoya, kulfi, malpua, rabri, halva, sheer korma.
		breads - naan, tandoori, kucha, paratha. baajra, jowar, makki.
		Other - papad, wadi. Lassi variants, milk shakes with fruits, sattu - made from barley. Mango pickle.
		Uncat - malai kofta. redu (HP)
	JnK Dishes
		Dum Alu, Halwa thursday, Rajmah Chawal. Kashmiri Pulao, Kashmiri bharvaan gravy baingan. Momos, thukpa but tried much later.
	Jharkand Dishes
		madhubani ki sabji (the first ever dish - 5 types of spices - Paanch phoran), ranchi ka pulao.
		Litti-Chokha and Sattu Paratha
		Thekua. Alu Chokha, till barfi.
		Khaja (orissa influence). Chida doi, Chena (Bengal). Sweet rice - kheer chor gopinath.
		art of serving at Bengal.
	Maharashtra Dishes 
		bhakri, sev bhaji, misal pav and patodi, paav bhaji. Poha.
		Upma, vada pav, sabudana khichadi. bhelpuri, ragda pattice.
		aam ka pana, batata vada.
	Karnataka dishes
		raagi muddle ball, bisi bele bath, palya, sagu, coconut balls, gur ki roti, majjige saaru.
		dosa, upma, idli, vada, paddu, avarekalu. Neer dosa, mangalore buns, rasam.
		neighbors - hydrabadi biryani, high spice AP food.
			Idiyappam (seviya with stew), appam with vegetable stew, coconut rice thengai sadam, pongal, poriyal, puttu, etc.
	Other - thru neighbors or otherwise - Andhra, Kerela, (Bangal, Bihar, Orissa), (Gujarat - Dhokla, khakra, phapra, etc), bhakarwadi, jiravan, etc.
		Himachal - Kangri Dham (madra) - Rice, Madra, Bhey, Khatta, Mukund wadi, maa ki daal, meethe chawal, matar paneer, kaddu ka khatta - I have had them separately but not in 1 go. Kadi, dal, saag also sometimes.
			by defn - MEETHA, ALOO RAJMA DUM, SEPU BADI, MATAR PANEER, CHANA MADRA, CHICKPEA, AURIA KADDU or KADDU KA KHATTA,URAD KI DAL and CURRY.
			mid day meal  served at the occasions of marriages, birthday parties, retirement and all religious occasions. prepared by BOTIS a caste of Brahmins.
			served in plates called PATTAL - different flavors of Dham viz Mandyali Dam, Kangri Dham, Hamirpuri Dham.
		PATRODE (arbi leaves), AATE KE CHEELE OR CHILDU, Pahari Aloo Palda, BABRU - similar to thekua.
SocialErp - Cultures
	Punjab
		perceived thru
			senses - dress, food, music
			mind fun - language literature, festivals
			intellect - crafts
		music - sarangi, drums, bhagra, gidha.
		crafts - brass and copper metalwork - revival mode.
		dress - kurta tehmat pajama later, turban, punjabi ghagra to salvar suit, patiala salvar.
		Language literature - Gurmukhi - heer ranjha, fariduddin, baba nanak, bulleh shah.
		festivals - lohri, holi, baisakhi, teeyan, diwali, dussehra, Guru Nanak Jayant.
	Jharkhand
	Maharashtra
	Karnataka
SocialErp - exposure and confidence in going over to car service center to get the tyres changed cuz punctures repeatedly.
	Eg - when Syami had to fix car puncture for Jiju and you brace them even if it's your first time.
	This sets the confidence for later point in time when I will have to get petrol filled and get car repaired or serviced, exception handling for the car driving, get insurance done and so forth.
	Eg - Recall such experiences are so important that when I bought the car all by myself - I could drive to home which was a bad challenge to take.
		But under parents guidance, many awareness - 
			taking a driver was also an experience, 
			ability to leverage knowledge of different awareness in ashram, 
			overcoming your fears and succeeding with a transaction 
		there were some ups and downs like confirming if the amount was right and that things were properly communicated 
		such transactions only make you mature and confident and robust and dependable 
		that you won't miss out on something and that you won't make silly mistakes or that you will be robust enough to account for runtime exceptions.
SocialErp - CSIR Counsil for scientific investigation research, Similarly for medical and agriculture overseeing thru country.
SocialErp - Israel favorable to India cuz conditions are similar - same kashmir like conflict; Largest exporter of technology although so small.
SocialErp - Tyre Pressure be kept at 35 - new tyre always in front.
SocialErp - Arranged marriages evolution thru time 
	earliest thru pandit - let them know they are marriage and won't even see each other; (pandits or match-makers eventually - recall the forums to annouce names)
	next girl can be seen thru girls party like mother or sister of groom but groom e1 can see; 
	eventually groom can see the bride but no talking; eventually can talk once and that's all 
	eventually talk a few times; 
	next, no need to involve parents - we will decide and inform them; we will decide and don't even need to inform them until marriage; etc.
	These days even school children are falling to cheap thrill ignoring their career prospects and social stability aspects
		Eg like teacher's daughter mad in love with class boy and won't come to home from school.
		So with time it has become a little difficult cuz that's what children are become cuz of lack of guidance and foundation - and glitter of romance advertised.
SocialErp - schools - think of schools sports training and music training or martial skills like an elder joining classes to learn something 
	it should be serious and course oriented - they getting some sorta certificates thru it.
SocialErp - Marriage Sites - stages of evolution
	Categorical Filters - Matrimony suggestions - filters - you st ignore some in terms of hard filters and soft interest like mind or behavioral filters.
	Subjective filters - Acceptance or interest - based on unstructured information like passage on family, photos, trade-offs with filters (hard and interests)
	Interview for family evaluation - Family talk - checking family interactability and appropriateness - self worth or esteem, family culture similarities, some exchanges about children and their story.
	Interview for life partner evaluation - Children talk - compatibilities for togetherness - formal, informal, intimate stages checks.
		Levels - eventual growth of relp
			formal - making an ally - accepted social standing of the person. can approach them again. Ability to talk about social (scientific) issues and themselves in there.
				I can't open up because...
				This person is perfect from social perspective because...
			informal - making a friend - accepted interests - can talk about some set of interests and get lost. Ability to talk about fun and Home issues - culture.
				I can't befriend such a person because...
				This person can be a good friend because...
			intimate - making it personal - emotions exchanges possible. Trips of different emotions, stories, plans, nostalgia, lamentations, hankerings, etc.
				I can't get intimate with such a person because...
				I like intimate communications with this person because...
			live in - stay together to create a "world" based on their "perfect expression of emotions". Architect.
			serve out - start to render services together to the outside world.
		Shares - Abstract of communication.
			Master Data share and exchange 
				do you believe or your ideal world - checks for character.
				Checks for personality - how you dress, eat, speak and laugh - expressed aspects.
				Yes/ No or elaborate questions about you (art of interviewing).
			Transactional - synthesis version. Live your interests and check how it plays out.
				Different topics like HIMYM, Driving, etc.
			Analytics - tell your stories, roll drill on life, theorize, predict, prescribe.
			Configurational - as discussion develops.
		Checks - ability to answer the following questions.
			Stability - My Varna, Ashram, Health and Spirituality will get better or can get worse because...
				Fears - health issues with the girl; doesn't value health enough; Makes me think of career as burden or yet another thing (I can't stretch when I must or want to); Attention hungry; Disrespects spirituality.
			My Best Grats Bet (max grats, min pains or fears, more stability) cuz...
				Self worth - Makes me feel good and worthy about myself. I will tend to become like my spouse - is that ok? Fear - 7 I feel insulted about or shy sharing about. I can't be like her! etc.
				I will achieve more and become much more - richer sume. Fear - shithil life.
				I will have far more fun and excitement. Fear - boring life.
					Social - Social Awareness and knowledge. Trips, etc; Fear - Socially awkward, Communication bad.
					Home - Commitment to home and shopping for home; Fear - shopping for self or bad financial mgmt.
					Personal - mental and physical - movies, sex, sports. Fear - over-indulgence or different tastes, sports considered nonsense.
		Eg - evaluate all your case studies and observe where all lapse happened - mind all the fears - also check that eth is covered.
	More - in love marriage - categorical filters can't be exhaustive but only a few matter to people like looks, dressing sense, demonstrated intelligence or smartness;
		interests discussions are not formalized but just happens after that, for some time, bypassing family evaluation 
			friendship develops based on communication likeness. Or hunt for the alpha. 
			Lots of time here to investigate the interests of a person and how awesome you feel with it.
		eventually emotional exchanges start and investments (financial and mental) happen - this is prime advantage - you get lots of time of emotional likeness here.
		Emotional stakes become high here so rollback becomes difficult here also - don't know how serious the other person is.
SocialErp - NetPlus Internet - Troubleshooting - router web ui, wires, background wire, software.
SocialErp - Messages shape from texts - ASCII art - asciiart.eu, eg draw gun thru keyboard text during the summom bonum - like in comments, here the query gets fired.
SocialErp - Scent Sprayed in the building.
SocialErp - Urban Ladder UML
	offers section
	Services - salon, massage, cleaning, electrician, plumber, carpenter, ac and appliance repair, electronics repair,
		makeup and hairstyling, fitness and yoga, house painting, pest control, 
		Fest - party decorators, event photographer.
		uncat - airtel broadband services, geyser repair, 
SocialErp - Sim - airtel - you recharge for 1 month, it starts from today even if you already are under some plan.
SocialErp - eCab talks
	Terms and conditions not suitable then switch but keep themselves on all taxi services.
SocialErp - Investment - MF - Returns from an equity mutual fund are treated as long term capital gains if investments are held for more than a year. Such returns are completely exempt from income tax according to the current laws. However, if investments are held for one year or less, the returns are taxed under short term capital gains
SocialErp - Cinema - RECHARGE4MOVIE Applied successfully. Please apply MOVIEBILL150 to get upto Rs.150 cashback on your movie ticket booking after 6 hours.
SocialErp - Syami as junction for Delhi - stop point for anyone to stay for a while.
SocialErp - Music about an individual's levels of extraversion, creativity, and open-mindedness after listening to 10 of their favorite songs
	songs with heavy bass lines - extroverts, jass and classical - high IQ and creative.
	https://www.verywellmind.com/music-and-personality-2795424
	blues, soul, jazz good.
SocialErp - News is overview to navigate along that access path - think BFS.
SocialErp - Music - Accoustic Version, remix, mashup, 
SocialErp - Outlook calendar appointment or meeting or leave info - if not sure, first send to yourself for testing.
SocialErp - readme.md is meant for end users of our app but changes on the app should be logged somewhere else - so commit messages and change log over some tagged branches or commits.
SocialErp - WHT - Withholding tax
	a tax deducted at source, especially one levied by some countries on interest or dividends paid to a person resident outside that country.
	paid to the government by the payer of the income rather than by the recipient of the income. The tax is thus withheld or deducted from the income due to the recipient. In most jurisdictions, withholding tax applies to employment income.
SocialErp - Credit vs debits
	The key difference between the two cards is where the money is drawn from when a purchase is made. 
	When a consumer uses a debit card, the money comes directly from his checking account. 
	When he uses a credit card, the purchase is charged to a line of credit for which he is billed later
SocialErp - Solved problem of downloading the image of users from outlook in office using its web version - People instead of mail and downloadable image was available.
SocialErp - village vs town vs city - small communicty in a rural area. populated area with fixed boundaries and local govt. City is large or important town.
	urban areas are densely populated based on urbanization.
	urbanization - increasing the number of people that live in urban areas - physical growth in urban areas.
	?because of inflow of ppl - settlements grow and can't rely on primary productions but on secondary and tertiary sources of income 
		so city would typically be a world full of services and service based products.
		village - because has lots of primary productions and hence simpler lifestyles hitherto creates a humungous demands for service sectors.
		Typically urbanization has negative impacts due to pollution and overcrowded living conditions but cuz of facilities it gets an edge.
		rural - less than 1K ppl/mile^2.
		50K - urban but crossing 500K makes it metropolis. Megalopolis if metros communicate with each other.
		cities - diverse population, host to crimes, sources of inequality. Entertainment centers for the wealthy.
		Political and economical lead increasing personal resources at expense of others.
	Top down is always the way to go 
		I tried explaining the world of computers only to make him run that it's so complex - showed him 2 hello world programs and he said he understood it all.
SocialErp - The technical difference according to two features: (another insight)
	1. Where the "work" is done
	2. What is being transferred to/from the server
	Web app
	1. The "work" is done at the browser (JavaScript)
	2. Data is being transferred from/to the server
	In comparison: Faster
	Website
	1. The "work" (most of it) is done at the server
	2. Rendered pages (data + UI) are being transferred from the server
	In comparison: Better SEO
	Good answer - It's like whisky and scotch, all web apps are web site, but not all web sites are web app.
		A web application or Rich Internet Applications is a web site that does more than displaying content, it has a business logic. 
		Its intended for user interactions, performing actual business functions. Compared to web sites, i.e. blogs and news sites, web apps provide a richer user experience.
		The use case of an application is always to DO something with it
		-- Christian Heilmann (Principal Developer Evangelist at Mozilla Corporation)
SocialErp - Social View of everything that goes on in economics. Govt makes departments also to support biz or creating foundational framework (reuse parts) outta the list (in capitalism).
	Primary - Any tangible product from nature. How to leverage nature for our NIC+E or ESMD - can be clustered. Roti Kapda Makaan some say.
	Secondary - Any tangible product from Industry (processing)
		It's already any regular ERP - Enumeration can be steel, furniture, etc. These can also be clustered by many ways - one idea can be ESMD.
		Refer to Amazon web site for a list of secondary products.
SocialErp - Amritsar food - Paanch paani puri, bheega kulcha, Papad, vadi, rice basmati, desi ghee, patisa, daal waala laddu, etc.
SocialErp - different glass buildings - software company buildings that I have worked in. Car ride to office during shift work. Astronomy at Infy. Not accepting room at Infy. Toilet stopping at udhampur, ladies in early days. Food courts for a reason and Id cards recharged with amount per day + money payable for more. Mama - pathankot students copying mama so proud. Gestures of students meeting in mall and bowing with respect. Madam you used to make us write application and find mistakes to rewrite as a result I became army officer. 
SocialErp - traffic police, news, Amritsar famous, your car flaws and solutions, narrative forming - I am important and good books of master - never complaint from me. Songs. Marketing - any time you need to book a sleeper, news impacts in lives and beliefs like marriage wastage getting avoided by lockdown - all chhochha avoided and loans repayment. Safar da pataa nahi chalda with good songs. Road stimuli - tea - regular famous, story or experience reminder, scientific explanation - why dhuan here or fog and predictors for regular discussion. Drivers behavior - why he won't give way, tell me. Nau gaja peer baba. Sukhdev mera maruthal breakfast with paratha. Pahalwan dhaba - paneer bread pakoda. Interference in discussions - quick revenge nth in heart - ability to divert group dynamics to form a narrative with groupism - he asks me about food like child - you are like child - pakoda dig gya na chakki; you give to him like child.
SocialErp - West mentality - 60s retired, live as long as life air - be the prof. Bridge made with 50 yrs perspective. Repair told to Indians.
SocialErp - Bypass 1st hand air experience, 8 lane road.
SocialErp - You have a car - let driver serve thru uber and it's a business track.
SocialErp - Dhaba business profitable cuz tourists near Ghaziabad. 
SocialErp - New car fast speed good for mileage.
SocialErp - Exits for city first hand experience - dkom gotta charge my phone and also enjoy - stolen bottle gift - empty handed I was so didn't mind - stopped one not other.
SocialErp - Chandigarh road discipline. 
SocialErp - Every business has investors, implementers who had idea - who earns the most - investors, then shareholders, then salaried - in turn managers and doers. 
	Eg - havelis, investors are believers and betting ppl - on the business model or proposal or value added in there. 
SocialErp - Corruption in corona time - 100 Rs per person to pass thru from bihar into Punjab and vv. 
SocialErp - Fog cuz of byas river. Snow driving experience - less air and first gear and no brake or acceleration else slippery. How far have you gone as driver - Farther also and high contacts cuz only one who earns can spend on car trip.
SocialErp - Power of time - shops doomed that came under flyover - although earned like a lot. 
SocialErp - Travel Trace
	Trace of the route
		Amritsar
			Byas
			Jalandhar
			Phagwara
			Goraya, Phillaur
		Ludhiana
			Doraha, Khanna, Sirhind
		Sahizada Ajit Singh Nagar of Chandigarh
			Rajpura, Ambala, Shahbad
		Kurukshetra
		Karnal, Gharaunda
		Panipat, Samalkha
		Sonipat
		Bypass Delhi to reach Ghaziabad
	Trace of earlier route - Districts - 
		ASR
			Jandiala, Rayya, Byas, Kartarpur
		Jalandhara, Phagwara
			Banga, Garhshankar
		Nangal
SocialErp - Advocate is power of attorney to fight or put a case on our behalf - many allotted rooms outside the court - so it's a market to choose from. The filed case is notarized with 100 Rs to make docs official and then judge gives veredict based on constitutional principles. FIR with police or hospitals are just documental evidences for the court to understand the case better - verbal claims vs govt official documents. Recall that rent agreement is notarized to make it a govt officially recognised document. Adhaar card, mutual agreements, petition to the court to be filed. Why they came to our advocate - no, it was their advocate doing things that Varun also had to do. Advocates keep clerks for doing paper work so that they can focus on the case - capturing details. Clerk cleanses the office also - assistant basically - go get notarized in queue etc. Taking statements if can't be solved that day. Advocates still on files and pen paper to capture details and track records so opportunity to automate them for fastness. Not public but anonymized - gotta disclose when visa making with certs. Judges switch so don't know who hears and hence can't tell in advance what veredict to expect. Online hearing? Not with this - in person hearing. Can switch districts on reasons like covid situ. People faked marriages only for purposes of emigration so they know how to play with law. Visa if you reveal. All kagazi karrvahi - ways out - no registration so let's fake the date to make another cert. Cert so that emigration etc. Anonymous for even vakeel. Saanjh kendar for docs making, all officials. Dc - deputy commissioner, sdm - sub district magistrate all coincidentally there - all ias.
SocialErp - Marital agreement - wiifm - protection in exchange of charm, sponsor for my fun, etc. Names are important - who's fighting on ur behalf - omg! He's mr x vs mr y. This is worldly awareness which is very important from transactional perspective - "so where are we", and questions relating master data who, when, analytics, configs - where can I find him, etc. Food photostat, etc. Never show your weakness in terms of likes dislikes in front of especially haters or enemies - they can then take its advantage - we don't mind coming here again and again - let it continue. They charged money for their filing petition - I should question that it's not over right. Don't behave in naive way. Weakness of inability to give burns - whether in jokes or seriously. Live life like there's nothing metaphysical but introspect and realise if there was anything more. Villain from spiritual perspective but from material perspective, you were supposed to know that short tempered powerful people are not to be messed with - like you know wrestler, then why even pat him side - small mistake but huge reaction - spiritually degraded for sure. Another thing is getting crushed under 7's narrative - like wrestler had to subdue 7 to make a point.  Like Walter wight killing assistant cuz he unknowingly threatens his social position. In such situ, exception handling is the rescue.
SocialErp - Legal documents - pandit certificate has no legal value - only a proof for legal document - even notarised ain't legal until submitted to courts. So married from legal perspective - no, so date could be manipulated so it's psycho to file divorce without marriage. Ppl do marriage for getting visa and divorce the next day - getting freedom to go out on spouse grounds or country legal system. Registration for marriage while divorce hearings for another going on.
SocialErp - legal intelligence if not registering marriage and not telling adversaries your inside information even after it's over.
SocialErp - selling stars in exchange of cashback on Amazon. Using uber to get customer then cancellation of trip but customer served.
SocialErp - Chhochha of marriage so still we make so much expenditure as culture. 
	So many unnecessary expenditures and 1 side dahej is illegal and other side gifts are still expected. Greed which was once controlled thru a set up that encouraged fostering of relp is arguably a shackle that people comply with for social acceptance.
	We outta excitement and corroborating with social norms gave best of gifts to the other party only to be taken advantage of.
SocialErp - My Financial advisor said that she has written what we talked in last conversation - that means that she keeps track of conversation like SAP Talk and final goal is anyways kept.
	post generate token - password, tenantname - bearer token gets generated.
	Authorize yourself with bearer token
	fire regular query with authorization header.
SocialErp - Legal system has many flaws like Surabhi didi writ but legal system is blind and cares for only rules. Then SC complaint blind action. Gifts in marriage belong to her already and then talk separation. If you don't know this and go to fight simply to make fool of yourself.
SocialErp - Mandir or courts then I don't pick calls. 6 months waiver else probation. Roka, etc possbile but marriage after divorce is done.
SocialErp - Naive in Legal system that it will get extended. Judges can be done case against and loss of reputation is eth. Appointed after 3/4 majority vote then President approves.
	They are also LLB and LLM but experienced and track record checked.
	Judges are free to give decisions - in light of evidences, I am compelled to say. As the case is presented, law is blind - they say what the evidence says even if it is right.
	Case against judges - don't even go to parties - 2 judges of same name - money came to different judge than intended in around 2016 and she called CBI and income tax and the original judge got bad reputation - tried to clear herself saying that it was attempt to malign her but eventually she got transferred to somewhere else.
SocialErp - Methi Matthi or Matri, Ribbon Pakoda from SAP - same as matru and matthi.
SocialErp - It's precisely the study of how civics develops on top of geography but ecosystem (or science) more specifically.
	Civics has 4 specializations - Academia, Politics, Economics, Entertainment.
		It has another component to it - tracking these 4 specializations across past called history.
	This study is important for us cuz we reinforce them by being server in the system and we are consumers of the system of services (social platform).	
		Eg - we take trainings either as children or adults and we give them money for enrollments. We consume entertainment and learn from them. We create money and spend money for services, etc.
	The depth of systems is required from professionals but width with a decent depth is expected from e1 - at least ability to get there.
	This knowledge opens the eyes for usecases offered by platform and helps us empathize and strike conversation with e1 - along with exception handling.
SocialErp - If supplier sees that you are loose with money, they take advantage of it.
	asking 410 Rs at Dhaba instead of 330 when you get bill made.
	Bulk Sabji purchase and you ask how much he says 20 Rs more and says oh it was calculation mistake.
	Tyre puncture and try to sneak 1 extra hole cuz your attention is missing.
	So, solution is present yourself as sensitive to money but be lenient to people (not in terms of permitting anarthas but letting them have their enjoyment space).
SocialErp - Government and Bureaucrats - Think of MLAs as representatives of people - 1 of them who represents their voice.
	Different levels of voice representatives - Counselors elected, Mayor elected among them. MLA Elected. MP Elected. Think of them as customers and suppliers thru budgets or bills or requests as per allotment.
	System of bureaucracy - administrative intellectuals - who help plan, implement, execute the system.
		as per MLA request, plan is made by chief secretary who represents secretaries of different departments. Problems in the way. Alternatives, priorities, etc.
		same thing happens at center with cabinet secretary. Like PM has cabinet, chief secretary has secretaries of different dept.
		plan is shown and approved and then executed by secretaries based on money as agreed upon as per budget and bills.
		Source of money comes from Income Tax Dept (IRS of civil services). Third Party Production thru tendors (as per guidelines). so forth.
		Levels - Commissioner (2-3 districts), Deputy Commissioner (District).
	Similarly there are other dept as well at tier 1 - IFS, IPS, IRS, Railways, Postal, etc.
		IPS Levels - Assistant SP, DSP (Deputy Superintendent of Police), ASP (Additional SP), SP (Superintendent of Police), SSP (Senior Superintendent of Police), DIG (Deputy Inspector General), IG (Inspector General), DGP (Director General of Police) - additional and assistant Police excluded from list.
		Tier 2 and Tier 3 get recruited thru SSC exams. Tier 1 thru UPSC Civil Services Exam (there are other exams as well for other jobs)
	IAS Levels - Huge basic Pay (56K - 250K), benefits separate.
		Central secretariat - Assistant Secretary, Undersecretary, Deputy Secretary, Director, Joint Secretary, Additional Secretary, Secretary, Cabinet of Secretary.
			Asst -> Under -> Deputy -> Director -> Joint -> Additional -> PHI -> Cabinet.
		State secretariat - Undersecretary, Deputy Secretary, Joint Secretary, Special Secretary cum director.
			Secretary cum commissioner, Principal Secretary, Additional Chief Secretary, Chief Secretary
			Under -> Deputy -> Joint -> Special -> PHI -> Principal -> Additional Chief -> Chief.
		District - SDM (Sub divisional Magistrate), Additional District Magistrate (ADM), District Magistrate (DM)
			DC (Divisional Commissioner).
			Sub Divisional -> Additional District -> District -> DC.
	Think of bureaucrats as unbiased (from ideologies) machinery which gives administrative civil services representing intellectual heads of society 
		implementers as guided by public wish (representatives) - planning, executing, updating, deleting
		Call this 'Govt ERP' which gives frameworks for everything - triggered by customers of representatives (roll up of public).
		Services or Framework? - Civil Services it says. So, it doesn't do eth for us and we have to fit part but we do eth consuming their services.
		Services - Admin (HCM, Projects), Police (Security), Railways (Logistics), Revenue (Finance), Foreign , Trade (SCM / SRM / CRM - export import), 
			others - election commissioner (retired ias, irs), Defense, Audit, Accounts, Railway traffic, railway accounts, ordnance, etc.
SocialErp - Politics
	JungleRaj (goons disturbing social norms), 
	Autocracy (self styled lords who offer protection of economics in exchange of taxes for public welfare and their salary), 
	Democracy (people elect their representative for getting services in exchange of salary and taxes)
SocialErp - JnK - Kaladi, Rajma Chawal special red rajmah (near patnitop), like cheese but with khatas, kud ki son papdi, baba gabah in patnitop
SocialErp - Every state IIT, IIM, AIIMS - funds from state and central collaboration for types of expenditures like NH 75% from center but ownership of state govt only.
	but sources of taxes like road tax, GST which gets divided and so forth.
SocialErp
	Kshatriya is basically positive side of goons. So, India needs positive goons; India suffered in the past cuz of lack of proper positive goons.
	English people ruled and there was no1 who thought politics of that scale - no messing with them. Small politics can be witnessed in businesses so psychology manipulation is a foundational utility for all the varnas.
	Create Loose ends for linked list of work - All things that you need to work on (perfectionist for continuum of work)
	Bumper, Car - coolant, water sprinkler, engine oil blackness - only 3 things noteworthy under the car bonnet. Others include battery, engine, etc.
		Tyre alignment - tyre weight to avoid wobbling at high speed (Chhake fitted), Tyres steering alignment and bend for good speed.
		Dents - 1 fake mechanic said problem with clutch while we had travelled to Ghaziabad with it. So gotta know good mechanics already and don't visit such fake ones again.
			Confirmed with another expert mechanic with quick drive gave firm judgment - eth right with clutch but with bonnet fixing. Ladi uncle said no problem but still confirmed it. So, observe that external vs internal behavior - good service in any case.
		Bonnet - Only nut to be fitted and fevicol but pretend as if lots of work - gotta open bonnet - ok; so how much time and secondly how much will you charge. Plz buy this stuff also - ok, but tell eth at once so that I don't have to go there again - already for tube bulb for fog lamps.
	Uncle vs Bhaji - papaji cuz obviously I call him bhaji.
	100 Rs favor + 50 Rs of work. Which makes sense cuz travel to Ropar takes 600. Overall an excellent deal. For 150 Rs of giving favor, we got convenience, best service and perhaps some bargains (not really but ok).
	Gobhi Parotha with Tea - reliving primary school experience.
	RSP on kirtan telling hey dance in small circles - this is psychological trick but is it bad? it's not just good, it's awesome. It sends message to Maharaj and also to other listeners about the attitude expected.
	Doesn't like to be at home - money comes from outside.
SocialErp - Train plans s.t hierarchy of train travels - connect across divisions first thru many trains. Connect within divisions.
SocialErp - Kamla harris 370 Human rights and foreign minister (Foreign secretary b4; son of subrahmanyam Swami) refused to meet her - no standing on indian scale.
	We would rather refuse entry of vice prez if not condusive to India. Can't change decisions overnight. 4 bills in our favor - b4 and after there's difference. India is only hope for US against china and pakistan. Nikky from Ludhiana in our favor.
SocialErp - Finance Department is mother or heart of all departments. Teacher Transfer by HRA and Arrears by Finance Dept. Salary of govt employees and sactioning the grant as per budget and allocation as per plans from politics and bureaucrats comply.
	Scams by politicians when poor quality delivered and claims for higher value like Commonwealth scam.
	RTGS NTFS and IMPS are all proposed by Govt politicians and seek secretary advises to chalk out the plan as witnessed in other countries.
	Bureaucrats give plans and implement - comply. So we have to thank cabinet ministers and secretaries for such services.
	Government is offering of reusable services like trains and also giving framework thru constraints eg - every business must comply with to be recognized (legal).
SocialErp - Bureaucrats != Govt jobs. They are the machinery of government - think HR, FIN, etc departments of company except the core SCM. This comes in all the tiers.
	secretary comes with a proposal to cabinet minister or vv. It is very respectable - when they speak, a lot is at stake. They have to have vision.
	In politics your every statement is a move in chess and all other players on your side or other, are affected differently by it.
	So, cuz of responsibility that lies on your shoulders, it is a very respectable field. Also like in chess every gitta may wanna make a move but overseer decides the best move.
	So syllabus change in India - this must have either been initiated or supported by general secretaries in IAS.
	Sometimes, cabinet minister sends secretaries to learn from some foreign systems that work well.
SocialErp - Car buy
	Direct buy - No desperation, with friends, checked with mechanic, being smart, knows driving and can sense the rightness of the vehicle.
		collecting RC, Insurance, Pollution Certificate for further processing.
	True Value experience - Test drive first (faced problem of accelerator with clutch). see the vehicle completely and test all features with personal experience (ac, heater, music, etc)
		3.65, he quoted 3.60 - reduce cuz being old and accelerator, clutch balance (compare with swift); scratches I will repaint all within same package. But you agree that it is old right (but still wear and tear you will agree over 7 years).
		Current market price - all advantageous to my bargain - what you think the car is worth for the features you are getting and enumerating why you think so.
		3.55 I can do and goes on call; after call is over - so the maximum you can do is 3.5 is it? - yes (he has to take some stand) - no hidden costs right - no!
		what about loss of selling it after 2 years at loss of 2 lakhs straight forward.
		So much price for oldie. and 2 years later buying a new one again so ended up spending 10 lakhs for a life of 4 lakhs thru all those years while you could have enjoyed 10 lakhs worth for all those years for best quality. Huge bills for maintenance - sth of else would be going wrong for servicing (all parts wear and tear). Mehenga roye sirf ek baar.
		Bad car is good for health - no we don't buy bad pieces it is more of practice.
	Direct show room - like bike only.
		feel excited about it - feel satisfaction. Chanting thinking. Don't foolishly think color.
		Cars are all good we just need our requirements matching the car.
		start driving with simple targets then pick more demanding ones.
		Now is the time to buy new car - risk is always there - why worry - be broad minded it's natural.
	Car Pricing
		Ex-showroom price is the cost that the dealer charges for procuring the car from the manufacturer and the tax that it pays to the state government on procurement. The state government charges excise duty on cars. It is also known as the supply price of a car. ... Ex showroom prices differ from state to state.
		RTO + Insurance makes it on road price. Road tax for the year. Delivery and transport charges. What about margin of dealers.
		Ex-showroom price which is also known as car supply price is the actual asset price like a four motor vehicle and includes the cost of dealer margin, manufacturer, and transportation. Conversely, on road price comprises of the ex-showroom price and additional charges such as road tax, service and insurance charges.
		ex-showroom price includes the GST and Cess.
SocialErp - Car buying - More - No desperation, lotta time. Resell value high for maruti cars but not for others so 2nd hand for others is a good idea.
	do your home work for cars in budget - all cars are good - look at your expectations and get your money's worth.
	even for 2nd hand, the 1st hand buy analysis is a must do.
SocialErp - ask lawyer if extended then is there any impact on our marriage plans, do we need to disclose cuz not married. 23rd April extension. Admit ho gya. Clarifications - can we proceed - not b4 divorce, but dates not given. You are legal master so advices from you only. Don't talk about this with other party. If married, then what will be implications. Roka etc is ok but marriage after 23 April. Do we have to tell? Walk on truthful path else implications. Matter conceal da case - Dasna chahida hai, can't keep hidden - then strains in marriage. Should have used my phone for recording and thus learn from him.
SocialErp - Wanted to talk with you but never got to. Dhokha hua tha. Baat kuchh nahi hai but don't how you take it. Baat kaafi aage tak ho gayi thi. Ladki affiliated to 7 so we backed out cuz she said she is already into 7. So clarified else they do not say that we didn't tell and feel bad. Kisi ke saath bhi ho sakta hai. Date - we got ur point that she would also get time to stay with mother. Resign on 1st Jan. 25 Nov none cuz gotta think about her also. Will check about dates with pandit and tell you - this can happen to anybody. Man par bhaar tha. Why you didn't tell - clear hearted I hinted but jhemp gayi and couldn't. When came to home then also - if I had to hide, I would not have shared now also. Baat to kuchh bhi nahi - she said as soon as she arrived and told us and we sent her back - married yes and came to home yes - so no hiding but telling full information.
SocialErp - electricity bill visit the electricity board those days in queue. Cylinder call to book and slip to get it. Passport - police asked bribe from e1 but I got different police station surprisingly.
SocialErp - Don't have a certificate. Can you give in writing - yes that we have. Petition that we have filed already has this statement that no longer interested.
SocialErp - form filling, consultation, tests and medical sales for services and products including food service there, registration (room with capacity, services) with advance money approx less than 25% - if ur advance is a lot then you are on receiving end, nurses are services we implicitly pay for, so expect services, anything more should be asked for before purchasing. Experience at jsr, Lakshmi hospital, Ramakrishna hospital, some random hospital dengue test, rxdx. Vs medical clinic. Ask doctor for home visit - willingness to pay for the effort but don't say that explicitly. Overeating still so vomited out - we suggest but we can't control - their decisions and their package.
SocialErp - Concrete config (where is GPO in amritsar), which college where is it? Concrete transactions - Govt has started making a flyover over there - will be finished by 4 years or so.
SocialErp - in Legal system, even the winners lose TME.
SocialErp - NGO book distribution in school, Food for life so a lot of social Erp service I have done.
SocialErp - O(n) or O(n^2) - constants don't matter so saving some money in consumption - 15K per month on graph line slope but gaining in lakhs.
	but interest not in just starting point but also the slope. So you have assets but after some time you start to see a lossy deal if you don't act. Some people place so much value on their work or rework that they would rather lose money on rent than to set things up again later.
SocialErp - UPI on google pay - bank select, sms phone verify, last 6 digits of debit card, atm pin. Autogenerated UPI id.
	UPI on PhonePe - 1 UPI shared by accounts - select 1 as primary to receive and sender can be selected at runtime.
	UPI on PayTM, Amazon, BHIM - only suffixes change and username of your selection.
SocialErp - ITR from CA 
	Docs - Income Tax - ITR - Form 16, Mutual Funds, 80G, SAP Shares monthly investments and withdrawl.
	Auth - Username password of my ITR.
	email - pan card, adhar card.
SocialErp - Pedagogy - methods for teaching - five major approaches are Constructivist, Collaborative, Integrative, Reflective and Inquiry Based Learning ( 2C-2I-1R ).
SocialErp - Psychologist vs clinical psychologist vs Psychiatrist - 
	general psychologists focus on healthier people, while clinical psychologists focus on people with more serious mental health issues. Regardless of where they work, clinical psychologists help patients with behavioral and mental health issues.
	Psychiatrists are medical doctors, psychologists are not. Psychiatrists prescribe medication, psychologists can't. Psychiatrists diagnose illness, manage treatment and provide a range of therapies for complex and serious mental illness. Psychologists focus on providing psychotherapy (talk therapy) to help patients.
SocialErp - Plumber - for fluid movement - Taps, toilet, etc - Toilet flush needs lubrication from below not above.
	The part of push flush needs replacement, kachra in the tap orifice. Balcony water stuck.
SocialErp - Whatsapp for business - Thyrocare. Same queue and you get a person assigned and talks; after resolved - session closes on their side.
SocialErp - Kochi Bar also, dinner, Breakfast both the days.
	Kind talks with 3-wheeler - just a little empathy - kismat hi sabkuch hai - I agreed and he felt great. gf besides family. shook our hands.
SocialErp - Pyschologist Consultation
	Suggestions
		Be Honest
		Have an Open Mind
		Don't Be Shy
	Problem
		Personal Bad Experience - Expectation vs reality.
			You don't take interest in me - but she never used to talk.
			We don't have anything between us - have I ever shown interest in you. Didn't even consummate the marriage - I want to know you first.
			She brought the motion of divorce and was keen on that - I resisted cuz of my conditioning but had to comply seeing the onslaughts from family.
		Personal Impact - At that time, deeply hurt me - Even if car topples, that would be better than the life that I have got into.
			I don't care what the world thinks - the life sucks already.
			I don't deserve this and crying seeing a mirror - no matter others, I will continue to love you.
		Fear of problem being real - although I have enough evidence and verbal mentions of she being uninterested and being forced into marriage. 
			stating that I was socially not enough - I said I am decent but they said that ain't enough - you had to be driving cars already.
			The guilt of whether I fell short and if it was true to any degree that I did an injustice - this used to eat me up.
		I can't even tell to my relatives so living a duplicitous life. It was like a standing car was hit by another vehicle.
			what should I do.
		My family didn't deserve this.
			I ain't never going back to that family.
			The turmoil that they caused to my family is the worst.
		I never drank thinking of it as an addiction - I really desired I should do that.
	Concerned about long term impacts on my psychology - possibility that I was not good enough for a relationship. Or that whether I did anything wrong to her.
		Skeptical with every girl I meet. Hopes of finding a good partners is pretty shattered.
			I fear injustice to the other girl - loss of self worth or self esteem - I can't do anything wrong to another person.
		All the psychological changes I might be subconsciously going thru that can prove to be disadvantageous.
		Face or hide dielemma - Not officially married but rituals were done. So, next person if I tell they may imagine so many things about me.
SocialErp
	Bank - Debit card
			Delivery attempts numbering
			Valid id proofs - Passport, DL, Employee Id, Election ID, photo debit credit card, PAN card, pension payment order, freedom fighters pass, valid arms license, valid bar council id, aadhaar card.
			card on letter.
			Benefits - Central mall voucher. Kaya voucher. driving voucher.
				TnC for benefits.
			Manual - Limits - 1L,5L (ATM, transaction limit), International (2L, 2L).
			automatic swipeless without pin.
			card - your name, card number, EMV Chip, Expiry date, validity
				magnetic stripe, customer care number, cvv number, grid values, signature panel.
			Dispatched thru partner blue dart.
			ICICI Bank expressions debit card. Image, internationally valid.
				international transactions - switched on thru - internet banking.
				ATM pin Generate - Internet Banking, IMobile, Customer Care, ATM Visit.
				blocks existing card by using new card in 48 hours.
			CRUD - block the card if lost thru Internet Banking or IMobile App (clickpath) or customer care.
	LinkedIn
		Post - share, hide, report, like, convert - fetch upto 1 level, time.
		Persons - follow, unfollow, tagline. Recommend.
		Feed.
		Profiles - connections, invitations, hashtag.
		Messages.
		Notifications their events - anniversay, delete, unfollow, turn off.
		Job suggestions - Apply, save, viewed, saved, not for me, applied.
		New, trend or recent, most viewed, ted talks.
		search by interest / topics, podcasts.
		me - log, lists, likes, download, history.
		Vid - play, pause, rewind, fwd, back, next.
			speed, share, min max, captions.
	Youtube
		Me - channel, stats, switch acc, incog, settings.
		Search - from ppl channels, feed, CRUD.
		Vid - like comment, share, download, save
		other - subscrie, bell notification.
		Trending
		subscriptions - vids from ppl, manage ppl.
		library - all folders.
	Make friend - casual, close, intimate. Y? cuz bhakti of EQ.
		spiritual side is to see them more than utilities.
		Formal - colleague to partner; like to love in informal - better is this lead, prospect, customer.
		stages triggers - mutual benefit P2P, Empathy relate, know him, liking things; similar beliefs and values; always there for me, well being.
			make you comfortable, no judgment, talk eth with, hels when alone or hurt. being understood. Nature proclivity, propensity.
			sync of feelings.
	GDPR - right to know which resource is being used by which all apps - like microphone on windows, camera; similarly in smartphone - smartphones come with more IO and sensing devices so Android gives RTI.
SocialErp - Car Insurance - Insurance is issued by RTO but supports many third parties
	TPO - Maruti, Digit, Edelweiss, navi, Magma, Tata AIG, Universal Sompo, SBI General Insurance, Bajaj Allianz, bharti, kotak, united india insurance, orienal, national insurance, new india assurance, iffco-tokio
	Different rates and plans (covers)
		cashless claims and reimbursements within 24-38 hrs across India.
		Break up - basic own damage premium, Third party cover premium, GST.
	Covers 
		Inclusions
			Damage to car
			Theft
			Damage to Third Party
			Natural Calamities
			Man made hazards
			Fire and Explosions
			Damage during Transit
		Non-inclusions
			General wear tear
			Mechanical failure
			tyre and tube damage
			consequential damage
			cost of consumables
			damage to engine (non-accidental)
			driving without DL
			Driving under influence
			commercial usage
			damage due to racing
			deliberate damage
			involvement in riots
			damage due to war or invasion
			general wear and tear
		Percentages
			Repairs - Insurer pays 100% of the claim amount if there are only repairs and none of the car parts are replaced 
				except insurer pays only 50% of the cost of painting materials
			Replacements - 
				100% - Cost of replacing glass components (eg. Windshield)
				70% - Cost of replacing fiberglass parts
				50% - Cost of the painting materials
				50% - Cost of replacing plastic, rubber, nylon parts & batteries
				60% - Cost of replacing metal, wooden & all other parts
	Broker Abstraction - Online policy bazaar, insurancedekho.com
	IDV - Insured Declared Value
SocialErp - Psychologist - Homework
	showing too much interest cuz earlier she said showing no interest - should have minded my own business.
		should not have acted like football rather should have agenda of my own.
	My brother in front is a great communicator and initiative taker - perhaps the comparison could be bringing worse outta her.
		even her parents said why I was not like my brother.
SocialErp - All clubs are like Kafka topics where ppl publish and subcribe to. 
	Businessmen or middlemen or brokers come up with topics for connecting producers and consumers which is a great service in itself.
SocialErp
	Not all deductions can, however, be claimed at the time of filing the income tax return.
	Gupta says, "Income tax exemptions in respect of leave travel allowance (LTA) and medical 	reimbursements cannot be claimed while filing the return. These have to necessarily be claimed via your employer."
SocialErp - Previous kings, samants, his appointed ministers are parallel to today's President, Governors, and ministers.
    only the protocols have changed over time to ensure that power doesn't get concentrated in 1 hand.
    President like those days had control over army but today the orders have to still go thru PM and cabinet.
    It's like king is obligated to go thru ministers.
    How kingdoms agreed to become states - not outta love but pressure.
    They suddenly become from namesake kings to owners and again only getting funds to maintain their lifestyles - which Indira removed.
    Britishers used to strike a deal with the state to accept themselves as central rule. So equivalent of today's center system governing n states.
    Britishers were just yet another rulers
        starting from East India company for business which gradually started expanding itself to villages.
        Once gaining sufficient power focus changed to maintaining business and expanding it along with expansion.
        1957 revolt made it very clear and they could not handle the administration and England Queen took charge of the administration which they had to comply.
        Suddenly viceroy (today's CEO) was removed and governor general was appointed to India.
        Now the queen equivalent of president would appoint a governor general for India and so many posts under him to administer India.
        They would recruit IAS from India also but they won't make to high posts for obvious reasons.
        Court systems existed with them but obviously highly biased to england personal interests - of course, constitution to suit whims.
        No public interest in mind (which to some degree runs parallel to even previous rulers) - but heavy taxes and rules run for personal grats.
            This can include forced to do farming of particular crop, run particular business cuz you are the government. So, incentive-ize as per your needs.
            like muslim rulers, jajiya to Hindus and not able to dress properly in streets - so yes the rulers were not just power hungry but also wanted to spread their belief system.
            of course, like previous kings, rebellions and revolts were handled harshly.
    Don't think that today's system is any different - it's just more organized.
        empires don't want to expand explicitly - although we do see eg of Tibet and many border fights. USSR division, etc.
        But countries want to create dependence. Interestingly Indians have become more clever who were gullible b4 to understand world political tactics to safeguard self interests.
        ministers still buy media (which is a stronger force today), courts do get manipulated - ministers may still be more intereted in making money from the positions, etc.
    Power concentration avoided - 3 Election commissioners every 2 years new added in a queue and 1 of them gets to be chief.
        so 6 year tenure ensures that only 1 gets to be Chief Election commissioner just once in their lifetime so can't manipulate much and numbers also help here
        elected by ruling opposition and SC.
    For practical purposes ministers should be thought of as public representative or even public or its voice.
        these representatives are the customers of the govt machinery which is admin block running govt services - Social ERP.
        Govt jobs isn't same as bureaucrats - latter are administrators of the govt machine - rules as delineated in constitution executors.
        active use case or instructions and demands come from the representatives.
        Creation and update is done thru bills or amendments - govt machine won't do anything outside the constitution.
        anybody inside or outside govt machine can approach courts if they think constitution is getting violated.
    History is primarily study of political life of those times - but arts, poetry, science, religion, etc also have history which is studied specifically or under civics.
        define current day civics in terms of all these things and trace all of them back thru time.
    USA political system are somewhat different from Indian political framework.
        federal constitutional democratic republic - Prez having power.
        Executive - Prez heads. Independent of legislative.
        Legislative - senate and house of representatives. Increased power here.
        Judicial - FC, federal. Wider scope of powers here.
    The major difference between a democracy and a republic is that a republic is a form of government whereas a democracy is an ideology that helps shape how a government is run.
        Put another way: a republic is the system of government that allows a country to be democratic!
SocialErp - Kochi - fire, excursion sightseeing, laundry, spa, service on call, wifi, conference hall, food menu, call directory, info.
	Radisson, tub bath, lotion conditioner and bath.
	Extras.
	Liking - periyaar and food.
	Chitkara boating.
	Boat - house-sth, 4 hr boat ride open.
	Hotel driver vs self driven.
	Greenry.
	Custom iot candidate rooms.
	Alleppey - boating, no beach cuz covid.
	Lungi.
	Roomie - food papad indigestion.
	Self drive online bad experience and not available.
	Sea facing room change, book and cancel and undo.
	Chitkara boating - 4 hrs.
	Munnar, sabrimala, Guruvayur temple - Thrissur in north.
	Sliding roofs.
	Alleppey starts, Kutanad lake largest,
SocialErp - India was a slave for 1000 years - Britishers saved from those and Germans saved from Britishers.
	Internal politics which is even now - mindless opposition to win - morals? we have none.
	Indisciplined characteristics, refusal for high cost, high profit rule.
	Macroeconomics also has to have a base in microeconomics.
	How India would think about research or enjoyment economics when even food economics isn't solved - not just that political willingness is lacking but people are chaotic - any good new rule suffers so much dang opposition and enemy countries are always there to take advantage thru idle folks.
	Trade off is freedom against dictatorship and economic development.
	Many times even with dictatorship, political willingness for economic development could be lacking but even otherwise it's difficult - not that spirituality sucks our country while this could contribute to problems like thug spiritual persons hacking into the system like bhang eating in some religious orgs - cuz funding comes from the main body.
	Any non-contributor is bound to be exterminated but hackers are exceptions - thieves, rogues, computer hackers, religious hackers, information hackers - earning thru false information induced fddl.
	All religions not so - even peace of mind is worth paying for like adventure rides, advisors, entertainment industry, pm, etc.
	This thievery or gambling is 2 of regs - not that they involve no effort but they make money or living without contribution.
	Service is the price else starvation.
SocialErp - Geography - Location - Near Landmark - A set of Roads which leads to here.
    Area - scope defined. Chheharta
    Landmark - Suggested vs a candidate set. cuz person could be coming from any direction.
        that e1 knows or would know. Set of instructions to get here as well. Bihal Hardware - not known? then Chheharta Girls High School.
    A set of [list of roads] (with smaller landmarks) that lead you to the destination.
    Eg - Chheharta
        Kale Pind Side - Miri Piri Gurudwara from Kale Pind
            Follow Ghanupur Kale Road or come to it and follow until Miri Piri Gurudwara. Come to a junction - on your left after crossing the road.
        GT Road Side - Girls High School
            Follow the Ghanupur Kale Road until junction with Sher Shah Suri Road - The house on your right.
        Khandwala side - Jagdev Bharat Gas Agency or warehouse.
            Come to Sher Shah suri road (from Khandwala market park as ref). Come to Gas Agency - come straight till road junction. left house b4 junction.
        ByPass side - Left turn from where the 3rd lane ends and before a new lane starts.
            Take left after the third lane on the left ends (caution - much b4 junction). Come to the junction. Landmark on that road
    About - Alternate way to think about it - find all roads that lead to you - construct 2 landmarks on the either sides of the roads.
IQ - Manager - Mukesh - your image in my mind should be that you will be better than me in that - I stand to an advantage with you by my side.
	politically bhi wahi fayede mein rahega jo fayada de sakta hai - who is the best bet? road par bhi wahi peechhe waale ko choke kar sakta hai jo aage hai 
		but he can't cogg the road - only his alternate lanes he has limited control over - that too non-confrontations kind.
	Baniya attitude (desire - end results) and Baaman aptitude (research)- killing combination mixed with khatri determination and shudra hard work - deadly combination!
	I want demonstrable outcome of anything I take up.
	Prayashcit doesn't solve it but stabilizes you enough to be able to solve it.
IQ - Manager - said show to other doctor. he has seen, experience.
IQ - Manager
	extreme service Team - with 1 person from Dev ensuring that no question from L(i) should go to L(i+1) - this ensures capability cultivation at L(i).
		and this saves time with all L(i+1)
	can't add new task under H3E CR - well, because it was moved for testing so revert and secondly, move to I7P and create task for the CR under CM - CM / CR / Correction System / New Task.
	Being a guide - tell all low level stuff and then ask them to carry out a task in term of low level details - then a task with figure out low level details.
		quiz - if 7 comes with a task related question - tell the lld they gotta missed or forgot or update them with lld.
		Later on - give them problems and let them think in terms of standardized tasks which in turn use lld. If 7 questions, tell them a standard task they gotta follow.
		advantage this saves time.
IQ - Manager - Levels of Management
	Me, Kavita(Product manager)||Area PO Krishna, Harish (Line Manager), Chandan (VP), Juergen (Manages many teams), Thomas (Board)
	Release Manager - Ingrid under Dirk under Juergen || Harish.
	CPO - Steffanie || Ingrid.
	Ankur - Chief Architect under Chandan || Harish.
	QPA - Divya - Fueler - Marline - Juergen || Kavita.
	PMO - Helena - Dirk - Juergen || Ingrid.
	Automation - Tony || Divya.
IQ - Manager - Any issue escalate, ability to drill down to how your time was spent.
IQ - Manager - 
	Narrative vs Problem Solving
		SAP - bugs raised and X4 shitting themselves that you are raising bugs to hide your incompetency - then why not sit for every bug one on one and have it discussion.
			there are redundancies in your raised tickets.
IQ - Manager - on domain change - new envt and situations not domain specific challenges like align, rapport, maintenance status and new challenges, etc.
IQ - Manager - work priority at present is legal issues first then innovation topics like machine learning as prio 2. Ideally, basic features should be prio 2 and ML be prio 3.
IQ - Manager - Manager follow up - what happened - oh, I was searching you. I am facing difficulty with this. Can you help me out? If he is not able to, I will check it. next day follow up, looks like complicated I need 1 more person with me.
IQ - Manager - Follow up that other does not even realize - no repetition, only more specification. Worst not doing follow up, telling you are doing follow up, asking whereabouts, etc.
IQ - Manager
	Hard work smart work - overtime is when you took more work than you could manage but still is it doable with 10% OT, 20% OT or even 30% OT 
		else it qualifies for a leave - you are paid for working hours. Do not encourage overtime ever - bitching about it in proper healthy ways else people will make it new normal.
		how much shit is ok - don't take it endlessly.
	keep pushing to commits at right intervals even if you finished it over the weekend else backlog is never empty and you never get to do RnD.
	Scrum is smart way of working - ability to drill down - non-technical managers really don't understand the complexity involved so we need explain it to them.
		open the chart for them in pursuasive way - make them say that yes, it will take this much time.
IQ - Manager - from management perspective, do work in layers - easy kills, challenging, difficult ones, etc - that way you will be very specific as to what's done and what's not.
IQ - Manager - public responses
	Motivators - votes
		Able to learn on new tech within small timeframe - 8
		Among all odds we have a great team and team support can be vouched for. Externally it might look simple but is a great motivating factor for us - 3
		Manager protecting team and keeping them motivated
		Transaperancy has increased and welcome
		Working as a team across areas
		Colleagues support
		Flexible working hrs 
		Able to receive lot of new input daily
		Learning about functional area of product
		New org setup makes things transparent 
		TofTs have been retained
		Kavitha & krishna great support system. Take half of the heat which might come to the team
		Learning to work under pressure
		Changes in BYD are motivating and good
		Team has stood up and accepted all challenges coming their way
		Oppurtunities which come with change and challenges 
	Demotivators - Votes
		Micromanagement is happening, management wants to know every bit of time we are investing, example questions being asked on remaining time spent when not found in KANBAN, Work culture has changed, being questioned about everything	8
		Less learning and more admin work (JIRA, CATS, KANBAN, interface incidents), leading to more time and frustration, reduce productivity; updating at one place might be better	8
		Focus has shifted from quality to quantity deliverables, example too much focus on JIRA status and comments. 	3
		Planning at individual level evey sprint is better	3
		Lots of excels to maintain, need simpler process	2
		Effort estimation for planning is unclear - move from hrs/PDs to SP.	2
		Pressure from management - passed down to the team, breaking team spirit	1
		Planning has become more rigid & not detailed in nature	1
		Feel like a support team to X4 - so many simple things not being supported. Its taking more time for us to provide details to make them understand	1
		Not having enough time to solve open BYD bugs , eg no time for CIP, internal messages	1
		Volatile work pattern	1
		Too much of follow-ups; 'feel good factor' negative.	1
		Current work is not interesting	1
		Communication with support an issue, we should have a session on comm tools on how to use and what communication will be useful	1
		Sometimes concerned with work being completed on time	1
		Lack of arch learning in node.js	1
		RBTs	1
		Need more experts in the Tofts	1
		Workflow and process changes have made things difficult	1
		No entertainment only work 	1
		Experienced people leaving the teams, nothing is done to hold them back	1
		No travel oppurtunities	1
		I observe management talking rudely while taking updates - management above direct managers	1
		No clarity about plans SME, BYD, T-Model	1
		Planning at high level not proper - eg only 1 SP for framework analysis is not sufficient	1
		Stringent timelines on development without appreciating the complexity	1
		Lack of work coming our way in upcoming releases	1
		No new learning 	1
IQ - Manager - it is very smart to elicit demotivators by asking write 3 motivators and 3 demotivators - asking only latter make people associate with demotivators leading to greater dissatisfaction.
IQ - Manager - doubt your capability cuz on high management they see not srm team but very rolled up version where other's work is also important.
	they say framework is all fine - you lack capability so narrative is eth should go on jira and if X4 ain't a problem then why BYD performing so good!?
	scrutiny so please get offended. For better management and also lack of trust overall cuz can't tell on face that you are a donkey.
IQ - Manager - 
	if narrative we want is to maximize PD work that we show on paper then why work on anything stealthly - if working on it then show it.
	jira vs reality - lock issues and buffers required in wait, systems opening time and what not. 
		On paper, 10 people 1 hr - give me 10 PD of work next hour. But that's not how it works.
	higher up don't want to understand - PD vs SP.
		Idea is complexity of user story of backlog is predicted in terms of story points how complex the topic is.
		Developer should translate that into how many PD that would take - eventually we will arrive at the ratio which can be minimized in future thru different individual and group (innovation) endeavors.
		ideally we decide PD and not them - they can decide SP.
		So, I have decided to call 1 SP as 1 PD which differs from their definition (all cuz of bad implementation of scrum).
	While solving ticket, if you are clueless after 1 hr of work effort, it should trigger an alarm where you seek somebody's help.
		if support team pings you, you are not supposed to entertain them that way (the reason we have thursday sync) - ignore or accept but mark in the analysis for the ticket.
		we ensure that it's not about politics - who's fault but solve the problem ideally - expose knowledge gap and do sth about it.
		L1 and L2 dissolved only led to L1 only - even that not fully - they don't even know BO behind UI for PSM release which sucks.
	Future of SME
		fin on demand kinda pack - BYD or SME express in fridge cuz sales team unable to sell it cuz no incentive, need different team whatever and byd on hold cuz phase 3 migration of every screen will take a lotta time.
		I know Fin on demand failed b4 but stage wise is a better bet than whole BYD at once. So, we get to work on FIN screens. Opportunity to learn.
			overstated - it's just trying it like IFRS, etc.
		new repo for the new pack expected then? - yeah but architecture team would worry about it
IQ - Manager - Saurabh Nahata - People who know when and how to put up fight for idealism - he doesn't let undue heat to fall on people below him.
IQ - Manager - User story has functional significance.
	gap with that team; didn't read my mail - for sync on what is.
IQ - Manager - Weekly open house
	tuples creation or instances - concern, date, status, response, closure date, emp details.
	Questions - 
		roles and resp definition, contrib from some teams, data collection importance for agile.
		quality assurance strategy (team, 4 eyes, test case toft level), why Express pack given up, team allocations to different programs (as per budget).
IQ - Manager - I have already stated that it is done and no spillover, now tell me the status - monday you can challenge asking for defn of spillover - are 2 changes called spillover.
	Always complaining sudden burndown and not gradual - solution being first build the burndown and then work accordingly.
IQ - Manager - Planned, finished till now, expected by end of sprint, spillover, impediments story points, remarks
	66 from 0 in 2 days - that all tasks are 80% done - this is not visible in the system.
	Burndown - should be proper - manager should plan things s.t it is a complete model of devp.
IQ - Manager - Sometime follow up is a great step to make people conscious of their actions that they are accountable - eg IQ how many tickets closed today or was that task done.
IQ - Manager - complaints from people
	experts who know the product are leaving; is there an effort to retain them.
	Pressure to dev from mgmt - tight schedule - previously not delivered for a valid reason. Strictly no spillovers heard very often.
	negatives pass down quickly and positives or appreciation or critical information is not shared openly. Why communication gap?
IQ - Manager - Talks with PO - SCM guys leaving. So please tell upfront the problems you have faced so that we can address them 
	talking after all SAP talk etc are over so no impacts on you.
	Please let me know in advance if 7 planning to leave and we think we could address it.
	SVB demo is what I call interesting. So, it's part of work that I gotta do - when I work I give myself to it 
		that's professionalism but what work really needs from employees is passion which takes product to heights - that they own the product.
	I didn't mention him as plea but to make a point that generalization based on timing is an inappropriate judgment.
	You are active in meetings but silent in personal spheres - yes, I am not a very talkative person.
	Like you said mail sender knows and receiver knows, still why you gotta fire it.
	No, SAP is not flexible timings unless there's reason like client needs etc - so overlap of 10 to 4 is expected with some exceptions.
	So that if we get head twist and leave you can handover the responsibilities of the area.
	I have seen your work in the past for SVB demo and it seems we are not utilizing or harnessing your potential truly.
	I see leadership quality in you. You are good with communication and work.
	Think how we can fasten the process of UI building although it is pivoted to small sphere and doesn't give a sense of accomplishments - so don't expect SVB demo kinda experience here.
		BO development won't be cake walk either.
		who is sponsoring this work - customers are higher mgmt.
IQ - Manager
	Who decides effort - developers or higher management - well currently since platform itself is unstable developers can't give mensuration and any numbers put by higher management will eventually even out and give some estimates on velocity = Number of PD delivered by team / total number of story points.
		Story point is the size of functional feature. PD is actual effort it took. eventualy velocity of team should increase.
	Consulting more from which functional feature - such questions we should be able to answer after our analysis on the work.
	if you know the answer then why mail on how much is achieved - formalization of what is known to everybody.
	Ireland team takes up more maintenance topics so that will spare time with dev colleagues to do more development.
IQ - Manager - flexibility for my prio so why middle deadline for some task. Drill down if something is slow and roll up of all the issues faced by people.
IQ - Manager - Review - what should be done differently. Proactivity. Wait for seniors to tell to work on user story. Won't be able to complete user stories - so partial completion and raise bugs and resolve as fast as possible.
	Escalate when stuck in a user story - start with different one.
	do whatever dev you can as long as not blocked - implement other parts of cip while blocked by a bug - but can't proceed then don't wait for resolution.
	ms versions on daily basis but there are bugs. waiting part should be avoided.
	view daily and update ASAP and not like 2-3 days frequency.
	Manager - Work log vs comment - what features are better - you can backdate work log so that's better. 5 mins increment can be updated.
		comments for only communication with somebody
	Bug raising takes time and searching for already existing. use work log for time taken there.
		why don't we create video for faster bug raising. Easier and faster bug raising.
		create an abstract bug with all details and all concrete bugs will just make updates to the standard one. That will make it faster.
		I agree that bug raising is timepass.
	why not use dev branch only and not commit id - there can be inconsistency - checking an issue in isolation and not combinations. Dev will become kachra.
		overlaps between 2 stories - 1 messing the testing of the other.
	behind dev by many commits and resolving takes time - they should be isolated.
		take regular git pull. It takes time but. Yeah, we know but npm preparation envt buildup.
	context switch of work - reach logical checkpoint and then make switch else redo will take place later on.
IQ - Manager - Scrum Review and Retrospective
	Need to be proactive in picking user stories
	Update the user stories frequently
		Use worklog 
	Raising the bugs takes more time
		Action - Check for videos for steps, Generic Bug for SRM, Role for Oasis - ( Karthik and Sunil )
	Raising bugs from dev
		pull and rebase frequently, Keep a single branch for user story
		Action - Make sure the feature branch is in sync with dev. Pull and rebase may be alternate days. On a trial basis the bugs can be raised from dev
	Priority of In testing and In progress user stories
		Action - Put a logical end to in development user story and complete the in testing stories
	Guidance for testing author action bugs resolved with latest x4 commits
		Action - Check the nexus with stable X4 build version. If it fails this can be reported to UI LXP 
	Faster npm install
		Action - Npm caching for faster npm install ( Saurabh )
IQ - Manager - let's focus on BOUM2 and tickets to bring them under control; we have to reduce the count while there is still time and let's sync in evening to check where we stand.
IQ - Manager - Scrum status "Open" to "Ready for development" means committing to do it and concept work is done and everything necessary to ensure that you take this up and start the development actively with time logs.
IQ - Manager - you put your money on good performers with uncertainity on their leaving - those who will definitely leave (attrition of young ones) or not leave (getting married) can be given lesser compensation.
IQ - Manager - 
	context - quick context for what's coming - Org changes wll happen pretty soon - ratna, etc moving outta byd 
	what - so I am moving to fin as po in 2008 after 2 sprints.
		other surface changes - Karthik PO role. Sunil K as architect and will come back in 2008. rest eth remains same.
	why	
		70-80 tickets per toft + escalations + product backlog is huge. Senior people reduced in FIN. High attrition in FIN - no senior colleagues left.
		short notice decision cuz KT in next 2 month from leaving people.
		It's not final thing - but FIN really has no experienced person left.
		peer of Siddhartha.
		what other things had been going on - Virtual team for FIN - arch. So sarvana and Sunil moved to arch.
		dynamic movement. Take Santosh's place in the beginning days.
	How
		3 guys joining the team. 3-4 and 8-9 years of experience.
		corona - who will do onboarding.
		may joining for others. 8 ppl SRM. stable team.
		SRM work well - flood then boats move up. that will only thing remain. Don't make noises of work SRM. So SRM has always been an oasis team for others.
		Karthik will give delegations and work distributions and meetings.
		customer calls on you. Training by you guys will be better. New colleagues will look up to you more.
		So work and soft aspects. Professionalism and passion conveyed to them.
		open to feedback to tell me if I am doing anything wrong.
	Appreciation - 
		your experience was great hope. you ain't coming back.
		Miss your sense of humor
	Challenges
		Jhatke of compensation so I don't know how many will remain after that.
		Pankaj continuum with Sunil but here it is abrupt.
		If whimsical then difficult for new joinees.
		this came off as a surprise - don't be surprised if I vanished in 3 weeks.
IQ - Manager - Comfort zone with the way he leads the team and opportunities do emerge from such time.
	Karthik will rise to the role with gutso.
	scrum master and Q-role - still to be decided.
	Sunil exceptional leadership and welcome Karthik to new role.
IQ - Manager - There is so much to do attitude.
IQ - Manager - every day daily scrum, every day discuss what all needs to be done (on priority means you pick them up first).
	morning and evening when you repeat then that's not a healthy culture but gotta tell.
	when your hands are full, tell what your hands are full with so that you get to work with accountability. Or ask what you should work on for the day.
	sth work sth doesn't isn't quality but jira of quality - so people do that aspect also.
IQ - Manager - Optimistic planning (pressure on people), average case planning, pessimistic planning (lots of flexibility to employees)
	employee should plan such that manager's optimistic means flexibility for the employee.
IQ - Manager - Team Meeting
	SAP Goals - Company -> LOB -> Org -> Team -> Person
		KANBAN workload - substantiate in team meeting that it is helping - tell the points.
		Overall how it has helped.
	Innovations
		SLI - 
			InnerSource - for open source ideas for NSME, techNxt - technical paper writing - until may, DShop - etc.
				crowdsourcing from inside SAP.
			Fun@BYD - activities of TofTs.
			Innovation Challenge
		innvent is for start up module to start a company. Will do it in Q3 instead of Q1 this year.
	all of you have been - resilient, adaptable
	Quote - strongest and intelligent are not ones that survive but ones most responsive to change.
IQ - Manager - Bring him to work eftsoon. reactive mode - waiting then he will keep waiting.
IQ - Manager - judge from looks of it - if it's gonna take some time then skip it and finish things as fast as possible.
	even if each of us solve 5 incidents a day then 25 kills a day and by end of week we will have 100 done.
	let me know if you have more work other than HC (micro-management)
		if someone shows a concern of managing their time, manage time for them (optimistically) called micro-management but that's how it works.
	As a manager - 1 thumb rule - always keep lots of work on the table and people will not be lazy. That's his approach.
IQ - Manager - start involving new colleague in practically everything (called jump in the pool to learn) - and give him fastest training and let him come back if he doesn't follow anything. That's best approach to onboard according to some.
IQ - Manager - Team Meeting
	Team Structure
	Goals and Development Plan individual but HLV.
	Roles and Responsibilities updates
	Analytics and Reports
	QnA
IQ - Manager - there is also a reminder plan from different people in line management hierarchy for follow-up for an innovation challenge.
	Just saying that support will not send you emails is not ok - what's the plan to do it - will you have talks with them regularly and they will be informed about this to manager or what. Because in spite of this, they continued sending us emails - ignore them? not really.
IQ - Manager - Scrum - the good, the bad, the ugly - daily scrum 
	translates to - gimme good news (something worked or done or progress measurable), bad news (something ain't working), ugly news (some challenge, something stuck at, etc).
	don't have updates - give challenges and questions at least.
IQ - Manager - It's not easy but the way you guys worked gave me confidence. Thanks to people behind the scenes. Motto was this and how much we succeeded (change narrative to suit yourself). Experience gained by e1.
	That's what we are going with; Does anybody have different opinion
	UI LXP - education and research.
	37/1200 is nothing - no experience b4 and so many limitations.
	BAF - Business Application Factory - Adaptation/Adoption Framework.
	Making progress.
IQ - Manager - Classification by types of business logic classes and enumeration, Duplicates, need reuse classes, pickups for this sprint
	widely used across FIN reuse classes so who implements it.
IQ - Manager - Protocol of work - first we focus on oldest interface errors. JIRA processes; internal works.
	saving your arse seeing the trend - if too many old messages and older ones move to oldest with time so kill the oldest first.
	Approach should be SJF in general cuz that counts for accountability and Round Robin goes without saying - we need multithreading with asynchronous mode.
	Immediate problem - not very high for long term problem - so kill immediate problems cuz those bug us.
IQ - Manager
	Standardize the protocols and people's behavior - how it tends to work. When manager gets serious over ticket numbers.
	If you are not in control, then eb comes to give jnana. Regression coming cuz without FIN.
	Analyse solutions of all the health checks and decide what are mostly occuring errors for a combination of sender and receiver.
IQ - Manager - CIP BYD tells what should be - CIP implementation in X4 according to that and User story according to that.
	but if something is missing but has pending story for it then don't worry about it.
	So, if Full scope - Pending = current user story then it is completed.
IQ - Manager - Scrum retro
	what went well / made me happy
		KT from Nitin
		Able to complete work smoothly
	Needs to improve / disappointed / frustrated
		pending decision on mocha test scripts
		network connectivity with direct access
		Not getting enough time for HC 
			work for at least 4 HC per week - why 4? it should be greater than the incoming ignore the solves and reopens.
			it's our work - in a stretch with focus we kill so many. So please focus on more if possible.
			Lapse - Should we not take difference in 0-10 bracket - not really cuz they move to next bracket and tickets return so doing subtraction from total is best way.
		Concern - consumption of new json bo, will it remain same for all business logics - yes only the modeling.
	Action Item : For individuals, team, APO / PO / QE / ScMa / Arch, Management.
		use big IP
		Check with Nitin for further KT
IQ - Manager - Planning for next sprint
	Reuse classes to be finished by another team so gotta have some buffere to implement - Why not use stubs - then can't finish stories - that's the management stopping what technically should be done.
	Put backlog in excel sheet and use color code on text similarities and box color codes for this week's plan.
	Meetings - Show and Tell; Scrum of Scrums.
IQ - Manager - Go Gemba - First replica then innovation or smartness so that BYD customers can migrate to new project.
	evolution to different direction as time progresses - not really. FIN first then others.
	Same product on different tech stack - yes but coverage first (not exactly replica) and later add ons.
	Not go for most efficient to start with but phase by phase development - more safe and de-risks over program.
	never my idea to have 2 programs by 1 team in a release - it gets challenging. Once or twice it should be ok but not frequently.
	what and why something needs to be done - I have to percolate that down the company cuz in board.
	I will do anything in world to have good product but budget limits and platform and products how much, etc - board accountability. How revenue will look like in future, Costs you have - 1 time and others. Should learn those things earlier than 80% time spent b4 stopping something.
	Lean Agile for multiple iteration not that eth to perfection - so SP not person days. Budget overrun becomes a problem.
	SME customers but COVID must be affecting them very badly - any anticipation for changes.
		SME spaces will change - maybe delivery. New jobs.
		losing partners - they don't have to pay us immediately.
		BYD partners are bigger than b1.
		they won't change processes immediately - so no byd investment.
		impact of short terms and long term solutions. Make NSME faster is target and BYD not much.
	Functional completeness without other areas. BYD integration points? OR waiting until it's fully prepared.
		deliver something - express edition. China . very good question.
		replace - Fin DU first. old fin du no longer used - side by side approach. Other things run old.
		always a plan that this would work - extra effort. fix couple of things in byd to make side by side working.
		no space for extra solution in market - subset of byd - no! If not side by side, should not go out side by side very early. Confuse sales, partners and customers - new SME solution - only few offerings - they would better wait until new capability comes. So, message to market is extremely clear.
		It could be - New SME solution - business hyperscalar - subset of functions in FIN - so building a B1 lite - mobile apps on top - like hyperscalars - depending on need - Bank of Malaysia - NSME can be allowed to go to customers.
	New API in NSME and BYD to leverage - partners and customers - quick view of API - any vision with cloud platform integration.
		Discussing with Juergen Muller about this but this is very interesting for him.
	live with SAP portfolio. 
IQ - Manager - extensions to Juergen's words how his words should drill down.
IQ - Manager - to ensure that you conduct meetings regularly - start it off with your presence and withdraw at later point asking them to continue.
	Also, you can also directly ask for daily evening sync but no guarantee of formalization of MR against it.
IQ - Manager - to show our numbers - let's finish determinations at once first vs let's pick user story with least code. The latter is better.
	Open Sprint items are the ones who are not assigned. Ready for development means that developers are ready to work on it and analysing and evaluating b4 in progress head on work on it. 
	So ready for dev is when you are evaluating the meta-work - what is end goal and its context (why needed) and what all to do to get there - how part planning.
IQ - Manager - QnA - taken in order of descending votes.
IQ - Manager - BYD - IQ
	D
		Not happy with Exposure
		Unclear Career Progression
		RCA - Less Travel, Less exposure to direct customer interaction (unlike in previous times). No clarity on Job/Role boundaries and the future that role holds for individuals.
			effort to increase exposure to customer events eg.SMB Summit, security summit
			Roles and Responsibilities are published and also included in the Individual goals. All Role specific enablement & empowerment is ongoing.
			Mandatory SAPTalkconversation
	Increased Maintenance
		RCA - Lower knowledge, increased regressionsAttrition of experienced colleagues
			Prioritized processing
			Target to bring maintenance within 20%-25% in each team, execute on the Ireland plan
			Focus on reduced incoming, via dedicated activities with Nexus, and targeting team hotspots
			Eg - Ticket that solved in < 3 hrs could be handled by support with training. Only serious issues to come to dev - the ones that need bug fix.
	B
		Switching programs and constant load balancing
		Chaotic Execution, Decision restrictions
		Too many changes too frequently are intimidating
		RCA - Constant inflow of development & maintenance backlogsNo Bottom up planning for the Product Owners (team members are not involved enough)
			Clarity of upcoming release and type of work 1 release advance - CPO - also n+1 sprint in nth and planning for unknown in n-1 sprint.
			Team decide model to balance dev and maintenance - pick what can be delivered (ScMa ensures)
	A
		Colleagues dont understand what the future holds for them
		Low confidence on winning plan
		RCA - New roadmap planning & timelines seem unrealistic.Many Execution roadblocks egstuck dependent user stories & lack of prioritization, Unstable Platform.
			forums to learn strategy - All-Hands, Open Houses, Go-Gemba
			retro to voice concerns - escalate to address
			exception meetings with CPO and Mgmt possible
	C
		Increased Work Load
		Too many tasks and topics per individual
		Quality of work not good
		Unclear Application area roadmap
		RCA - Way the backlog gets delivered anyone can work on any topic which causes insecurity. Quality of work with respect to the content is not good.
			increase involvement of team in discussion of new topics, nSME, ML, AI, Innovation. 
			Team Picks only what can be delivered. Mandatory reviews.
			Identify different projects/short term assignments where team members could contribute, eg.Central architecture team, Innovation team etc.
	All information from above pivoted to present action items for different roles.
IQ - Manager - HC Analysis - Pick every HC and decide what should have been the take and cluster the action items in groups and plan on tickets to discuss with stakeholders to streamline the processflow henceforward. Sprint-wise activity planned.
IQ - Manager - Attitude, willingness, learning from scratch openness and not preexisting skillset - as manager what I look for.
	gain skill is easy - online resources but right attitude to explore and not just interest.
	email votes, polly voting or give smileys to the options in the chat.
	fellowship to joining a team tenure - if receiver is ready - at least 2 yr in current team and exceptions so current team manager and hr permissions.
	head count and ok then add anytime. Fellowship is just to try something new and if vacancy and for production then you get it.
	applying for global position and no1 calls.
	I lost you for a moment so can you quickly summarize it once again.
		cost of relocation - work permit money and if receiving team is ready to bear it then seamless.
		L1 visas - internal transfers. Portal applies doesn't help much but personal mail with my OSS projects and other projects then it works - so connection works far better.
		Hiring mgr is equally anxious for right candidate - if opening then a nice email works like magic. In SAP, Networking is eth.
		can we talk 5-10 mins over coffee to know more about the opening - very compelling for a manager.
	Owe a lot to old team to be where you are so how transition
		KT and handover and reviews for reverse KT for process smoothening.
		ramp down 7 wants then if high potential asset as much b4 leaving.
		internal so some capacity dedicated to 2 teams in percentage. Replacement given.
	is job lattice or shifts healthy - most of the time, yes.
		API communication monitor, security, overseer, framework, etc - that makes you a developer.
		are you missing something if don't change - in 20s, go deep. Current role doesn't provide you depth then missing out something.
		are you missing - you will never know until you try.
	how to bring this with current manager - my interests informed and my current doesn't get affected by it so manager not problem.
		Development plan and goals - bidirectional. If wanna switch - start small - take easiest step - ask for mentor from manager, many a times it works.
		Something interesting - talk about career opportunity there. Upfront.
		Direct mail then I am blunt - have manners. We have meeting twice a month.
	HC - 204869 / 2020 - CHANGE_NODE (/SRMAP/CL_PO_PAF_CMPL_IN) - Line number 16.
IQ - Manager - 
	Overview - People updates (orgs, migrations), program updates (reports, steps taken, plans, etc), upcoming initiatives, QnA.
	Details
		SAP internal audit - identified and transparently communicated the gaps in our compliance with agreement terms and how will address them in timeline.
		last upgrade 2002 some systems became unusable - good job guys.
		Drill down to different programs for their progress, new devps, reports.
			Specifically - Motto, Achievements in Story Points, Major Topics covered
			B1, BYD, NSME, Maintenance.
			Earlier with only BYD - drill down used to be by application areas and Foundation teams, maintenance sometimes as interact with those guys.
			Such meetings are also rolled up reports - status sanity checks.
		DocFlow - Relp map, Zooming in and out for different details.
		New topics - Resource mgmt for projects, budget control, customer consignment stock, dynamic target group - insight to action.
		UI, BO, master, UIATs.
		Lead Arch - cross product arch team, Knowledge sharing, best practices, B1 on web client, byd on BAF web client.
	CIP - Continuous Improvement process - Scrum master - Area Scrum masters for areas and rolled up to CIP Unit head (+coach)
	Event Calendar - all information under 1 place so that what's happening - structured and also well planned - necessary links on calendar so interesting for what other locations are doing, central and local events - take advantage. 
		Learning portals - successfactor is already there for central place.
		SME apps - JAM page - many such so this will be a central INDEX page - exchange, calendars, learnings, rollouts, all hands, programs - eth comes on it. bookmark this 1 place.
		Months Plans.
	Rewards and Recognitions - Thanks, Praise, Honor, Celebrate, Applaud, Spotlight.
		awards - vibrant team player, rising star, guiding star, the titan, the best constellation.
	Feedback channels, transparency, etc.
		assess design, implement, evaluate, repeat - CIP - P.
		Channels - SAP Talk, All hands, GoGemba, Team Meetings, Sprint Retrospective, Surveys, Sounding Board, HR, Mgmt. Pulse check of unit, etc.
	#The best if you only focus on your craft and not perceptions and immediate politics in long run the winner is one who pays the price and not who is affected by small upheavals.
		Every action st it reinforces the same idea of 10/10 rating from subjects and outsiders.
	QA - BYD B1 come together and exchanges and processes alignment - when will they come together under 1 flag.
	Meta - protocols, decorums for the meeting, overview - Any questions during session, please use chat or unmute if urgent. If channel goes wrong my secretary can help me with that.
	Misc - capacity per programs, Cost centers (ERP), etc.
IQ - Manager - India/Ireland Meeting
	People updates - hired over the curve and onboarding, changes within orgs of people. APO delivery assurance and PO on execution - separation of concerns. With pilot some such gradient descents happen.
	Program - Team assignments to Programs. Rotations from NSME to BYD and vv.
		De-escalation process, focussed approach towards maintenance reduction, strengthen Ireland.
	Learning and Innovation
		SME xchange, SLI initiatives, comprehensive learning plans for new joinees.
		Innovation in our DNA events. Innovation via program backlog.
		New features in BYD like ML. New functional features in public sector.
	Feedback Mechanisms
		5 Ys techniques.
		RCA.
		Mind Map Analysis.
		Cluster them -> action items with time constraints.
	Call for Action - Stay engaged EDP and SAP Talks.
		stay focussed - customer satisfaction (adhere to Customer SLA)
		Deliver as committed. Work within capacity.
		say it as it is.
	SLI Events
		One Strong - OneSAP, Intelligent Enterprise Summit. StartupStudio, Expereince center, BLue. Innersource at SAP, Patents, XSquad.
		Purposeful - DevX, DShop, Innvent, etc.
		Happy
		Family
	Sources - Knowledge sources Collaborative learning and innovation
	Planned Fun Events for the years
		1, Organization, Scavenger Event (Completed,May, 2020) Virtual, May
		2, Area wise, Minutes to Win, June
		3, Entire Organization, Childhood pics and guess, Virtual, June
		4, Entire Organization, Team Outbound, July
		5, Entire Organization, Sports Challenge Week (Indoor), August
		6, Entire Organization, Ethnic Day + Bay Decoration, August
		7, Entire Organization, Painting, September
		8, Entire Organization, Community Service, October
		9, Entire Organization, Sports Challenge Week (Outdoor), November
		10, Entire Organization, Secret Santa, December
		11, Area, Potluck, December
		12, Entire Organization, Music Evening + Overthink Tank +Quick Quiz, TBD
		13, Entire Organization, Monthly Birthday Celebration, TBD
		14, Entire Organization, Mystry Lunches, TBD
		15, Area, Post release Outing (Team Wise / Cross Team), TBD
		16, TofT, Mini Fitness Challenges, Virtual, TBD
		17, TofT, Dart Competition, TBD
		18, TofT, On Desk Stress Relieving Activity, Virtual, TBD
IQ - Manager - NSCM has gained momentum from go gemba - not meeting et, so there's announcement.
	deliver by next year - in meantime, POC is going on - research - for us to have discussion.
	Hitesh on planning and Tiasha on production side - dev effort now goes to NSCM instead of BYD.
	add on for now - later may flourish as full-fledged product. Missing pieces from SCM - DU of SCM is outside of BYD.
	Work on different programs but multi-branching - different sprints - granularity be proper.
		Work doesn't get done in that time and there are spill overs. Hard stop is focussed on that program.
		workable but need to smoothen the ends for efficiency.
	gotta check - what majority feels comfortable with and accordingly we will decide.
IQ - Manager - Harish Meeting - Proof of pudding is in eating. Heads up. Cutting corners. Iron out the course or plan. Some titbits came during session. Skeptical about virtual meeting but, 
	PD per SP in last release. 
IQ - Manager - Career Canvas - 3 kinds of work - Inbound PM, Outbound PM, Strategic
	Inbound - requirement gathering, working on dev, backlog, inform dev team and get it done.
	Outbound - product already there - take it to the market. Inform work done to sales team so that they can take it outside.
	Strategic - User groups, POC, requirements from customer. IOT does that help SAP, customer, define portfolio, pricing, etc. tough decision - end the product, acquire company, need to partner, talking to analysts.
	I do mix of all these things.
	Attend events to understand market and make decisions - Manager is an MBA guy who interfaces with different teams and primarily in operations.
	SAP strategy and align with that. But more so with immediate product and LoB in turn.
	Strategy types - Corporate, Product, technology strategy.
		Increase revenue in that - Hey, jio is new potential customer. Gotta know boundaries. We don't come up with fitbits.
		product should not die after 2 releases so gotta know what exists in sap already.
	This was my pivot point in my career journey.
	Tech is just enabler - eye opener - good pm makes good entrepreneur and vv - it's basically wow factor but investment when there is value addition.
		but tech is important for manager.
	Smart payment or solution in oil and gas - first contact point is CPO or person in LOB why never thought about it.
	They are asked - IOT and how can we invest and make money.
		How to be leader in the fields we are in.
	It is hands on - no slides or course that techies are used to. Fellowship or mentorship maybe but not more.
	to open restaurant in whitefield - why opening - customer base - how much cost investment and returns, etc.
		similarly, my area - chinese cuisine, etc - functionalities; know market as well - one panipuri - let me partner him or acquire him, OEM, etc.
		PM is like owning a business.
		So to do this work start thinking how can I make SAP brand work better with new products going in market outreach, etc. Think of it like Punjabi movie made by bollywood brand.
IQ - Manager - scrum updates - meetings on what to discuss, asking for ticket help (functional stand, technical problem), type of work - incidents, dev - what's done, what remains.
IQ - Manager - Meeting planned - ask him for suggestions to make this session fruitful. 
IQ - Manager - CareerCanvas Session on Managers
	Washing machine for lassi maker in India.
	POC for customers.
	3 buckets for type of work - inbound, outbound, strategic - PO with dev backlog and devp done; outbound is product is there and take to market sales team; new topics are not easy to sell; user groups feedbacks and get it developed from inbound. New product portfolio IOT say in SAP - how it helps SAP, customers, price, partners, tough decisions - end product, acquire, partner, talk to analysts, etc. Outbound called go to market as well.
	Lucky that I was not looking for it - market research for product we were building from innvent - add on product for another team. POC successful - pilot and then scale it so work as developer but organically then more in requirement gathering. Small capsule of time doing eth in software life cycle so became manager.
	Improve MPS. ???
	Needed for PM - Tech is needed to extent. Eg - analytics domain what products at SAP. What is it all about - basics. Domain, product knowledge. White spaces - my competition and market need. What I am doing and competition and market and then white spaces. Pawan I don't want to hear about products but how to sell to X customer and make money - tell me what's needed for that.
	Market intelligence for PM - Analyst reports are there to go thru. Lots of paid reports CMI. IOT, Analytics - get reports from them - google and research papers. Customers attend Sapphire for what's new - so attend from others also.
	Read about product? Customer pain piont is fixed - identify and fix it. High stake customers - reading helps. SAP strategy you follow? - Try to read SAP strategy. Know as much and within area S4 hana and contributing there.
	For Strategy Manager - Corporate, product, tech strategy. Money from manager I will give you money double it so real estate in whitefield!!? - it won't work. Clearly understand - as company what's our strategy from product standpoint. Consumer IOT not inside boundary of focus. Tech strategy - product, portfolio, OSS so plug into architecture not necessarily. Which domains we focus on - not all.
	Not pushing a tool that not already there - it is extension not cannabalising existing tool.
	Identify white spaces after knowing all our SAP products and road maps - how to identify an idea; talk to PO and portfolio head. Extension that partner can devp then delegated. Co-innovation then you can develop so identifying that white space and making startup outta that is what people search for.
	IOT then all bus stops connected in BLR - this is one of the ideas possible.
	don't know if enterprising enough - IO was pivot point in career. Latest tech excitement for freshers but when making new product - need 7 has - eth is useless - eye opener that tech is just enabler - when you connect dots for them that's when it makes sense to them.
	PM and Enterpreneurship feed each other.
	Tech vs strategy - Techie then detail ground walk but very narrow. Business guy - vision and that leads to hallucination. Product manager is right mix of these.
	The blend of these 2 became successful PM at SAP.
	Washing machine digital - wow factor but won't invest on it cuz analog works fine. Show value then they invest on it.
	Cannabilising a product vs redundant product risks - New idea then they realize that 7 already had started. We also ask why are others not building it and market research. Customer experience - 2 year down the line they were planning to develop it.
	Retail for smart payment - talk to CPO, LOB, SCM problem - why they didn't think about it b4 and lots of industry inputs from them.
	PM is an aspirational role - 2-4 yrs of experience so prepare, start doing or continue doing - what is product all about and competition and portfolio (u are 1 of 5 products at SAP for portfolio).
	How do you see your product in next 3 years - what is the way, where invest, how much money we can make, etc. How can SAP become leader in that. Then opportunity comes and you become product manager.
	PM talking to field facing colleagues on how to sell and features you can get lots of inputs. Customer empathy on how customer is using the product.
	Course on PM - developers hard coded to take course or hackerrank - slides etc won't work - learnt with 1 domain; applied to another, etc.
	Restaurant opening in whitefield - PM is CEO of the product - think that way. Don't have money - know competition and how much money you can make, cost, etc for 7 to invest in your business here its product management team.
	Know market and partners with other business for doing the same. PM practices are like owning a business.
	Take my product to next level.
	PM in small startups vs enterprises - small product then 1 does eth; large then specialization. But all of them have to have it in their DNA.
	30 minute mentoring from PM at SAP.
	PM vs PO - PM is general term and can have all or some of them but PO is inbound specialization. PO, APO, CPO is levels of same stair - CPO, APO, PO - too big product and 1 can't handle a product so division in hierarchy.
IQ - Manager - MBA's gotta take stand in the world that's not 0 or 1.
	So they gotta have their reasons ready - brainstorming pros and cons to justify a stand.
	good debater or interviewee. Personally not just justifications but their stands are also well thought with end goal in mind.
	Generally they are good with people. Not necessarily but good maths and management like CAT exam also shows what the value system is.
	Like Syami, no fear of micromanaging someone. Question every small action they take, correct every move; come to action ASAP (or first to act without rollback) to get credit.
IQ - Manager - borrowed plumes - read lots of books and good reproducibility with it. More of a learning the pattern and your personal take highly influenced by it.
IQ - Manager - Career Canvas - Manager - Disclaimer - I will be recording.
	Overview - why we started - what have we done so far. Speed mentoring how to go for it.
		hiring managers, pivot to different domain and opportunities for emps and employee motivation thru cross pollination.
		Comprehend, navigate, grow
	raise hands who attended the session - like madman? No raise hand on teams.
	What we have done so far
		Speed mentoring
		live engagements - coffee sessions.
		Community meetings - Virtual meeting, lightning talks.
	The format
		different timeslots.
		15+5 mins video call.
	Conversation Ice Breakers
		Quick intro - expertise, tech interests, passion.
		People profile update.
	Themes of mentoring
		smooth transition.
		skills 
	topics to avoid - compensation, t-levels, offer jobs in teams directly.
	More - what have you done so far and why get in; what can I do with my current role to get there - doesn't happen in a day but spans over months - catalyst.
		check their linkedin for what they can help with.
		write about your experience. virtual selfie for posting. Feedback forms.
		what is all in their role and their challenges - e-learning, tools or something.
		learn practically on job and not certificates from linkedin, opensap, interaction from them.
	Long term mentorship - global mentorship - not in pipeline but as per feedback, we can consider it.
	how to blend this with SAPTalk - outcome will be mentoring and guidance on management role. Ad hoc on my current role and cemented on personal roadmap - fellowship and all - then talk about it.
		networking and for long term. Ask for followup conversation - can put in dev goal also - ask for more opportunities for getting role faster.
	#unambiguous statements or obvious queries and employ data model terms to get visibility for a remark or to be taken seriously.
	reverse or backtracking questions from the feedback form.
	I am advertising that session - we can have longer session at that time.
IQ - Manager Questions - 
	Elephant - don't fear its tail.
	Make it GA - Generally Available for all customers.
IQ - Manager - ask for accounts at regular intervals and then you know what all has been done for task specific - can't question people for their time spent but the effort done in different dimensions like health checks sync, user story - tracing at that level is also not unwelcomed by engineers.
IQ - Manager - review meeting ->
	Manager Feedback
		Fair and transparent
		Appreciations given properly
		Communication across leadership and devp
		Uncertain situations - their approach, ability to navigate.
		anything that should stop immediately
		lack of consistency and fairness. Professional level - ups and downs. Double standards.
		your authority and existence in team properly valued.
		Should have got appreciation but didn't get it.
	Organization Review
		Stress and worklife balance.
		Happy with growth opportunities.
IQ - Manager - Config Changes 
	Trigger - Somya leaving the team, current changes and her future changes.
		New Team - SAP tools team - lucid tools, jira, etc - from scratch - making them available for SAP. Team which builds that tool. Here till 4th sept.
	Action - new configs - scrum master new role Vinoth, Nirosha UI LXP and SIV POC, QE on Vivek, GDPR LXP and PO POC (point of contact) and PD Framework, emerge strong there.
		Sunil - Lead arch for Low touch sales solution along with SRM - partner built solution - bits and pieces there. Flavors of BYD and NSME - be there to guide and support but dev capacity towards low touch sales solution.
	tough decision to take and miss you guys. I am sure you will be able to do it well - challenges and trials.
	avenue of discussion, concern or changes. Wanna echo what he said. I second that. I share your opinion.
IQ - Manager - Meeting - KPI for BYD, Appreciation, Feedbacks, Strategy, Journey (stories), 
	CBC fundamental for success in cloud. Big challenges are big opportunities in front of us.
	Story - Journey of the topic on time line - which features in which months and decisions. 2 years now for CBC.
	Visibility - Directly monitored by MD or so. Eg - Infy Bank Software Finacle - had a friend there.
	Story of BYD Express FIN Pack on timeline.
		No sales channel, no ali cloud, revised customer number as 500. IFRS and GDPR Issues,
		BYD Ticket Load, BAP Dependencies and speed of NSME, no headcount increase.
		changing reqt - first fin pack and then started saying mini-ERP packages.
	Story - B1 Journey. Timeline - left side plans, and right side - decisions and implementations!
	Story - Extensions (add-ons) Journey.
		Workspace designer framework (Step stone).
	Story - Opportunities with hyperscalers.
	Story - NSME - Side Car Approach - Logical units of works moved to NSME else divided instead of big bang.
	Others - BAF, NSCM, NSME, etc. That's our portfolio for SME.
IQ - Manager - AHM from VP - Chandan
	Customers saying thanks 
		standardized, structured most attractive parts.
		Tech Backbone for changing from whiskey to hand sanitizer. SAP - cost of goods, inventory, mfg, commercial and accounting capabilities - seamless transition.
	Welcoming new team members.
	Key updates from chandan.
		HLV
			strategy, survey results
			virtual offsite, innovation, 
			program updates, maintenance, call to action.
		Side car approach (PDI, in app with add on on core); side by side approach (microvertical for industry). This will be cascaded to you line manager team meetings.
		Newsletter started. Innovative idea add and you will get effort for POC. Links for tracking progress and stage and updates.
	Guest speaker
		COO for Global Partner Organization - Quick check that I am audible. Top view of night of tech area - good image.
		Partners as innovators not just sellers. 85% of B1 customers from partners so how critical that is. Showed it to him who is a great fan of our partner ecosystem.
		Growing partner solutions for innovation (access to experts and roadmaps), economics using profitable partnering and frictionless experience for customers and partners.
		Lower cost barrier.
	UA Intro - User Assistance
		UI Text, Help text, Documentation, Help portal.
		It's cooler to show than tell. words vs interaction design - makes customers like it and stay tuned. Experience be rewarding, gratifying.
	Celebrate success - innovation days and know your team.
		SolvePro from Venkat - Innovation.
			meetings productive and efficient.
			what causes unproductive meetings - lack of preparation; forgetting what was discussed; diversions from meeting discussion or not being specific.
			25 millions meetings per day.
			Web app - prepare, discuss, summary.
				Prereq, setting up and e1 on same page.
				discuss - be specific, capture action items, next steps, etc - draw conclusions.
				Summary - Generate minutes of meeting.
				Calendar tab - view of outlook calendar - this meeting has these 3 components.
					prep - what, who, sketches questions - topics listed and links to read about topics. filter the links to read - sap links.
						have more questions - they can raise questions.
						also setting expectations for meetings.
						these links and questions are pulled from?
						have use ML and NLP here.
						sketches annotation - raising questions - what this is.
					Discuss - questions pulled from prep section.
					Summary - MoM - tell number of points and those are selected.
						ability to pull what was discussed in the meeting. Reducing meetings.
						Scrum meeting template different from KT meeting - prep, discuss, feedback, summary for scrum.
	QnA, Open Discussions
		Broadcast SAP Platform costs 8-10K Euro per hour so had 1 of our own. SAP Network necessary - IP 10.128.82.15 used - using GIT Link to get there or tinyurl.
		Problem of votes changing resulting in different sequence of questions - so solution is mark questions as answered and remove them from the list and keep updating the list with sorting over votes is ok. Sort Planned on Upvotes minus downvotes.
	Rewards and Recognition
		Appreciate the appreciators - without them there would be no reward.
		100 Job Pts to the winners from nominees - that's quite some money. 5K, 15K for 250 Job Pts. cuz 1487 INR / 25 Points before.
		500 pts means - 30K around.
		7 else appreciates isn't small thing - can't have e1 to avoid dilution some tough competition.
	Unit Extension AHM - Roles resp not clear, learning culture missing, micromanagement 45% think it's happening.
		Doccano - Documentation Annotation Tool.
		BER - Business Card Or Expense Report Reading to business objects.
IQ - Manager - Planning - What I would expect to hear from you is... and not pick it up in sprint 3.
	Simulate as if you are the manager. Question management that you don't agree with.
	You owe us lots of coffee. How big are your hands. Coffee is on SAP - there are times we gotta do it. What's the risk involved.
IQ - Manager - pattern recognition from feedback and emerging clusters from the raised points.
IQ - Manager - 
	Career Canvas Quiz for Aspiring PM
	Required
	1.What are the stages of the Product Lifecycle in the right order?
	(2 Points)
		research, refine, plan, build, release, and retire
		research, plan, refine, build, release, and retire
		-->research, plan, build, release, refine, and retire
		research, build, plan, release, and refine
	2.The product owner represents which type of Product Management at SAP ? You can choose multiple answers. 
	Hint : Check the livecast video
	(2 Points)
		Outbound PM
		-->Inbound PM
		Strategic PM
	3.Which of the following strategic topics are highly relevant for PMs at SAP? You can choose multiple answers. 
	Hint : Check the livecast video
	(2 Points)
		-->Corporate Strategy
		-->Product Strategy
		-->Technology Strategy
		People Strategy
	4.What are the different skill sets required to become a PM?
	(3 Points)
	Technical, Business & Domain knowledge
		-->Technical, UX, Business & Domain knowledge
		Technical & Business Knowledge
		Business & Domain knowledge
	5.What is the motto to achieve better products?
	(3 Points)
		-->the right product, the right process, the right team
		the right product, right timing, right funding
		the right product, done right, managed right
		the right product, right process, managed right
	6. Right product means
	(3 Points)
		Product is validated
		-->Product is verified
		Product is certified
		Team loves the product
	7.Which of the below is the right way to express a requirement ?
	(3 Points)
		For a ____, I want to _____, by _____
		As a ____, I want to _____, by _____
		-->As a ____, I want to _____, so that _____
		None of the above
	8.You are a product manager working for a mobile game company. The game requires players to try to tap moving targets to get points.
		There will be multiple targets moving across the screen. The targets start moving as soon as the player starts the game. There is a multiplayer option, in which two players compete with each other and try to hit one set of targets on their respective screens. The person who gets the higher score wins. The screen also displays the daily high score and the name of the player who achieved it.
	Create a requirement from the given user story.
	(5 Points)
	Agents - Players
	Use case - managing score of each player for a set of games (updated daily)
	  1. Game Play
		 1.1 Players register for a game.
		 1.2 Each competing player for a game, sees multiple moving targets across the screen after start.
		 1.3 Each player hit these targets after during the game which updates their respective scores.
		 1.4 After stipulated time, the one with highest score wins for the game.
	  2. Score Dashboard
		 2.1 Highest score across all games is tracked for the day along with the player details.
	9."As a player, I want the phone to give a feedback when I score 20 points, so that I have a signal when Im doing well." 
		What is wrong with this user story? Please provide details for us to understand your thought process.
	(5 Points)
		1. Feedback details are missing - whether it should be in form of notification or pop up, within game application screen or outside of application through some integration, etc.
		2. More specification needed for source of the points.
		3. This story focuses on only positive feedback; the negative feedback option can be proposed.
		4. The story can be extended to let user configure feedback for customized points score rather than hard coding a value.
	10.What motivates you towards product management? What steps have you taken in that direction?
	(5 Points)
		Problem solving through algorithmic thinking is definitely important but even more important is to decide on right problems. I feel very keen to formulate right problems to address the social customer demands. The ability to evaluate validness of a proposal by applying all hypotheses and taking observations and discussions (within and without) is a quite interesting field of work. I have taken a few courses like startup studio on openSAP for the same and I like the systematic and structured approach to bring products to market that make an impact.
IQ - Manager - Team Meeting: Accelerate - flux will be way of life.
	Flashback, forward, we the ppl, broadcast, health is wealth, reinvent strategy
	OneSAP - so that SAP has 1 focus with all its products and services.
	BYD - stable solution and NSME is fledgling solutions so less user stories should be weighted accordingly.
		no dip in performance without extra investment.
		analytics over JIRA - teams with impediments coming from and teams with impediments over a release.
	FlashForward - quality, program, Maintenance, education.
		Code Reviews QPOC will drive it and Test driven development (Manager, PO), clean test suite.
		Program - team velocity ScMA, Retrospect.
		Maintenance - ORT (ScMA), HC Reduction (PO), Incoming reduction (Manager, LSA)
		Education - EDP Focus (Team), ML and iRPA focus (Manager)
	We the people - entry / exits, Team Structure, Roles and responsibilities.
	ORT Rules - P1 thru P4 - days 1, 3, 7, 14 business days not weekly days.
IQ - Manager - Development - Executive VP (Juergen Sattler), Senior VP (Chandan), VP (Harish), Component Owner (Kavitha), APO (Krishna), PO (Karthik).
IQ - Manager - Leaders Talks - Session with gurmeet - Subscribed to 1 of 24 ppl to ask questions - Discuss BYD and nSME strategy with questions.
	Baseline as BYD and TOC as low as B1 and also its simplicity.
	Ideated as side by side journey for 2 years but became pivoted side car approach - some hurdles encountered.
	core stays as erp system - decoupled and move big elephant pieces by pieces.
	?NSCM, So many products - what about one sap and is hana also gonna join the group.
	Existing Customers want BYD should be still growing - what about it.
		So with side car - capabilities will keep coming in byd. Not keeping but enhancing our customer base.
	CBC for SAP - important for s4 story.
	Web clients are ready with BAF pieces ready.
	with side car approach in discussion, are we gonna continue with moving full technology stack from BYD to NSME.
		Story points to it.
	Stepstone. Hilti projects, are they away from oneSAP - not really
		not customer project - standard NSME dev with customer usecase. 
		Feasible way to move forward. Bigger piece. 
		These customers are just bringing new usecase not new separate customer projects.
	Strategy is vague or crystal clear.
	reusability from front end server but lower you go the difficult it gets.
	Wasted effort of doing development in BYD 
		existing customers will move so drastic experience should be avoided and least desirable things. 
		Drop QAF and use OIF instead for effort saving.
		platform be rich later on.
		first walk b4 marathon - ride slow in beginning and then accelerate.
		destabilize eth won't be fruitful so in a sustainable way.
	How exceptional vs our competitors
		multiple fronts - new solution should be new for a couple of reasons.
		simpler interaction - B1 as eg.
		cloud TOC.
		Process maps to next level with user specificity. Self organizing UI.
		lots of same old school things.
		Processes are intelligent - background job vs system understand and does it for you. Auto-approvals.
		Large interprise reluctance for change from 1 success ERP to another. So large deals are gonna come from this space and why changing status quo - competition is from strategy perspective and factors being IT spent.
IQ - Manager - tasks - Subscription, travel packages, travel times. 
	Manager if people go off, then 50% maintenance doesn't remain normal.
IQ - Manager - 7 in mess is not pity time but opportunity time - I implemented in my playground in the meantime.
IQ - Manager - Retro
	Glad, Sad, Mad.
IQ - Manager - Book a huddle, coffee corner and have a meeting with a topic to finish it off.
	no distractions.
IQ - Manager - Management great skill is to buffer (pays off)
	tickets streams from support team to developer - lots of repetitive work so 1 person specialized into reading thru it and filter out consulting issues
		iow, we are making L3 guy outta a developer - yes, but that's what has to happen.
IQ - Manager - When do we need a new resource?
	when trends shows that work expected > worked done.
	the contract is in terms of type of work to be done and employee does that as fast as possible for them.
	but every employees work in a way that they believe in / manager believes in. Contract of work vs contract of time.
	It is supposed to be both - in typical office life, it's contract of time and paid on deyadi basis (monthly actually)
		a manager to ensure that you are not wasting time.
IQ - Manager - sentences when making requirements for product.
	As a actor when I situation I want motivation so that outcome.
	As sales repr when I am scheduling meetings with my customers I want to know.
IQ - anything new opens the world of possibilities.
IQ - If 1 thing works I can force another thing to work along those lines - just ensure that xmls are totally in sync. Prob with UUID - ensure that string is changed a little bit.
IQ - 1 minute Appreciation
	prompt support, attentive even you having a lot of things to do
	on work aniversaries
IQ - 3 things - domain, framework and technology.
IQ - 3 courses at different levels
	Jigsaw - Hands-on experience of being technicians of Data Science Tools.
	Data Analytics - Introduces us to the whole world of analytics completely - they present all algos along with intuition (for knowledge sake) but focus on engineer's knowledge
		high level details thru R and stuff.
		End Sem question paper with algorithmic question was the proof - they wanted us to work out the algorithm and tell the answer. But with details at hand it was solvable.
	Machine Learning Course - This goes into low level details of how the algorithms in ML have been made and mathematical foundations behind them.
IQ - Jobs created at different levels - some sell scooter, rent scooter, give service of scooter, etc - scooter as a service.
IQ - pinterest is brilliant idea to pin important docs you encounter in your own space.
IQ - SAP Appreciate Culture
	10 Reasons to Show Appreciation and the Learning Resources to Help you
		Your mindset changes for the better.
		Your mood improves.  
		You engage at a higher level.
		Your ability to innovate improves. 
		You build trust in relationships.
		Youll actually want to stay longer (with your company). 
		You increase your effectiveness. 
		You smile moreand apparently cry more.
		You inspire greatness in others. 
		You create a story with a future. 
IQ Lapse - don't forget srdebug when regular breakpoint not hit and user is same.
	No field for update - actionCode was the code for update!!!
IQ Lapse - not paying attention - customer had given the permission to order in the system.
	scoping rule affect that automatic selection like if this scoping is selected that is selected automatically in the bc
	Do you want to send purchase orders electronically to your suppliers using electronic data exchange (EDX)?
IQ - career path for data science.
	A software engineer is someone who builds (engineers) software. This software could be desktop programs like Spotify or Photoshop, or mobile and web applications (like Facebook, Twitter, or Gmail). Another term for this is computer programmer. A web developer is a software engineer who only builds web applications.
	Software development and software engineering are interrelated terms, but they don't mean quite the same thing. A software engineer is engaged in software development; not all software developers, however, are engineers. Software engineering means applying engineering principles to software creation.
	Software engineers must possess strong programming skills, but are often more concerned with developing algorithms and analyzing and solving programming problems than with actually writing code. Typically software engineers, working in applications or systems development, analyze first the needs of the user.
	software developer and a programmer are the same thing. Attempts to distinguish the two are pointless. The term software engineer is a euphemism that helps us justify our pay. The term computer scientist should apply to any programmer or developer who regularly enlists the scientific method.
	Software Engineer is referred to as a "Software Developer". Often when people say "Computer programmer" they really mean "Software Developer". The difference comes down to, Computer Programmers write code to a Software Developers specification.
		programmer may not follow design and may not be effective devloper - developer takes design aspect into consider. software engineer also takes user aspect into consideration.
	Software programmer - once a design is established, the software developer implements the design. ... However, in practice, the software architect usually doesn't leave a project once architecture work is complete, and once the architecture work slows down, he usually gets involved in design, and in programming.
	The "Software Architect" described in the link essentially sounds like a high level team leader, the type who designs the overall structure of a software system and then probably farms off some of the grunt work to more junior programmers. This is the sort of person who heads a project and probably reports to the "Software Engineering Director" - in a large company where lots of teams write various products, especially where integration between them is required.
		Software Architect probably roughly fits in with a high level team lead who has the responsibility of designing the overall architecture of the project.
	Software Engineer is the one who knows all the aspects to the software development process (requirements, specification, design, architecture, design, implementation,etc) so they can achieve management jobs, or work anywhere in the process, improve it,etc.
	Software Architect is the one who only works in the Architecture phase which is after the design step, is the highest technical job one can aim for. You still need to program, as opposed to Software Engineer who can become management. It's also a master-apprentice type of job.
		software 'Architect' is a senior developer who is good at laying out the 'big picture' design of a software project. Every Architect I've ever known spends a great deal of time writing code, just like everyone else, especially after the main design is agreed on.
	Also don't compare with Computer Science, a Computer Scientist can program but also can do a lot of other things, so they are not limited to the field of programming.
IQ - Resume making and TEAS
	Practical 
		Motivations - vision and goal
		Relevant Personal details
	Tech
		Tools 
		Languages
		Algorithms
		Datasets
	Engineering
		Exercises performed for learning 
			tasks or activities that show that you understand the technologies well and can manipulate them to achieve a specific technical goal
			what you did will be go tangent to the end user - that's purely your inside story.
			peers and listening to expert presenters (courses on tools or tech) and facultative documentation access (stackoverflow) are quite useful for this.
		challenges faced in solving tough problems.
		//basically, given a solution formulation in abstract model terms - you can implement the design details presented in different levels of implementation encapsulation.
			eg - Mr X, please make a table for shopping cart with relevant details. Please see why the field is disabled on the front end.
				I don't have know how for creating a task from PI but I will work it out. 
				Find the shortest path to city Y and present that solution as a list of the API.
			eg - scanned to reviewed values 
				check the scanned value and convert it into data type acceptable by the system and ensure that you give best effort to go format agnostic.
			eg - show me top 10 words commonly used by the user in a write-up and inform them about it. All codathons, competitive programming challenges can be listed here.
		can present your algorithmic and design pattern skills as if they are technologies - algorithms worked on in a project, algorithms familiar with, etc.
			educational skills are testimony to your analytical capabilities already - enumerate relevant courses that you took or personal study you have done.
	Architect
		real world problems which to reduce to the engineer concepts or technologies available.
		Challenges faced dealing with real world problems. Even managerial comes under this but that's a different domain.
		Hackathons, Personal Projects or case studies done already
			how many ways could you have reduced the real world challenge or problem to a technical specification - why your proposal is the best one?
		you gotta know all capabilities of "all" technologies (at least relevant ones) - also, some under the surface stuffs (reading books is very beneficial for this)
		Official projects you worked on and what were the use cases - what was your contribution to those use cases - preferably in functional specification terms.
			this means you understand the architecture formulation 
			just that you are not one of the formulators but you understand and even contribute in formulation and of course, implementation.
			Important - describe different roles you played and your contributions in those roles (in user understandable terms 
				features, purposes like performance improvement, etc
				scope of inculcating the engineering details as another level of hierarchy as well. Eg - for this feature - I used graph algorithm longest path detection, etc.
		any innovative idea you proposed that was accepted or your value addition 
			eg - vba script reduced time spent on excel manipulations to review data. You solve real world problems.
		Architecture
			Threading only problem with static variables right - no, it's with any shared resource like file, DB, etc.
			it takes an architect to answer questions relating to exhaustive possibilities of technology, etc.
	Science
		any papers published, patents in your name, etc.
IQ - TEAS - Tech, Engg, Arch, Sci
	To be a good engineer, you gotta know the building blocks well (within and across layers) and how to manipulate them well.
		UML and DP ; DS and Algo (only the names change across companies the abstract idea will always remain same)
		how do you do that - take some time to understand the world that's being built and take some notes and algos is college stuffs.
	To be a good architect, you gotta standardize or organize all the knowledge or capabilities well.
		this is more of identification of properties exhibited by different building blocks already made, readymade, purchasable or otherwise.
		knowledge of what is possible in terms of all the building blocks at your disposal - existing or outside.
		how do you do that - discuss and after a course is over, reflect on what all the tool enables you to do or when will you use it.
			keep building toolbox across experiences.
IQ - TEAS
	Growth ed in architecture - awareness of possibilities, capabilities
		the joy of growth should be accompanied with intellectual pleasure of applying new learning in some way (it doesn't have to make it to market but argument should be strong)
			btw no1 denies an added advantage especially managers who day and night work for customer satisfaction, the primary stakeholder.
			or you can make some tool that other developers will find useful.
			data limitation - don't forget you always scrape the information - the sky is the limit - if you can read it thru report you can very well write it.
			the quarter innovations suggestions or like Mayank - get obsessed with an idea - work on it in your free time and one fine day show it to people you respect.
	learn new tool, tech or subject (advanced algorithms, etc) and think of applying it to your product.
	see your product and identify the pain points or vulnerabilities or customer problem that system can't solve - work out a solution.
		eg - real world problem of data being sniffed - found cyptography world.
	the amount architecture for your domain is always limited to your team specialization but awareness is not.
	engineer knows a set of tools & tech (not all) and can deliver on them or solve a technical problem - with experience scope of tools and tech will grow.
		vs architect - full awareness of tools and tech at your disposal - focus on feasibility and best solution (most rugged, fastest, least vulnerable, etc)
			and not on something going right but assurance or guarantee or full responsiblity that it can't go wrong.
			you don't just know the powers but also the limitations or lacunae in each techs, products, frameworks, etc.
			Ability to prove that it is the best solution - open to discussions on alternatives and why current choice is the best.
	the scope of architectural engagement in application domain seems higher than data science but that's a misconception.
		here you are primarily thinking in terms of innovations on the product and open your way to architecture. 
		Otherwise in the core work, it get highly specialized no matter where you are and engagement of the world of architecture is already compartmentalized.
		1 role focusses primarily on standardizing a best process and data model is just detail for it. 
			Process - Deciding protocols frameworks and algorithms.
			In application being at the center you can interact with all ideas and see architecture in all fields growing and push yourself to be part of something.
		1 role focusses trying out all processes on existing data model - focus on data - with awareness of all of them and come up with the best.
			Processes market all open but focus is on data completeness, sample population representation, reliability, data quality (how clean and good data is).
			You will need to master stats, probability, etc.
	architects know more wide knowledge (for capabilities in times of need, for innovation, for embellishing your product, etc) 
		but also more deep knowledge (specializations) in their own specialization for which market gives them a title or role.
		see the opportunity of going wide right now thru innovations - later we will get deeper into technical domain of our choice.
		role is awarded by the external world later. First we choose to be in that role and exercise it day in and day out.
	Eventually RnD or scientist solves real world problems which have not been worked out mathematically or in industry practice and prove theorems along the way or publish papers.
		scientists also have more wide knowledge of how different problems in computer science have been solved in past or being solved currently.
		but they have even deeper knowledge in their field of specialization - where they have picked up a problem and working on to contribute to it.
		apparently it is specialized version of architecture where you know all tools, techs, libs, frameworks available for a real world problem 
			but you strongly think you need an alternative thought process.
	architecture comes in 2 flavors
		1. Understanding and quickly grasping what's being built and taking full responsibility of it.
		2. Coming up with the ideas to better the system, working model, innovations, integrations, extensions, etc.
IQ - TEAS on CS
	Systems
	Application Development
		Games - Graphics, etc.
		OS utils - anti-virus, etc.
		General Purpose Apps - excel, word, pdf reader, paint, etc.
		Multimedia Apps - VLC, Netflix, etc.
		OS Apps, Web Apps (SaaS also) like excel on Web, windows on web (PaaS - let's call it systems specialization only) - likewise eth has equivalent "as a service" on web.
	AI - Decision making not at compile time - not proper defn.
		Decision making criteria is not known while coding. It is determined based on possible outputs (heuristics), or stats on past decisions (ML), etc.
			Analytics - data driven methodology
			Smart processes - Chess Game heuristics, Smart Chat (parsing based on previous eg + a lots of processes)
			IOT - world of sensors and actuators
	Role specialization over time - TEAS applies for all of the above.
IQ - TEAS - Interview
	We want to check 4 levels of understanding depending on the role we are recruiting for.
	TEAS - Can leave out having written papers or ability to if don't have that kinda expectations.
		Template or abstraction is first know the syllabus = JD or Job Role expectations. Ability to recall all the relevant concepts. Ability to solve challenges in terms of those relevant concepts.
	T - all that candidate used in past and will use for the role we are considering.
		recall - 
			Eg - you know about that design pattern. How does that work.
			which version management tool did you work on. You know about build management tools.
		RLP (Real Life Problem) - give an engg problem and ability to work out Technologies at your disposal (abstraction of tools - capabilities and strengths). 
			Eg - can you make a star pattern in JAVA. 
			How do you ensure that what works on your system will work on production system - containerize it.
	E - Need a set of technologies to solve a architectural issue (patch, user complaint, user requirement, etc) - test of aptitude and also command over technologies to be able to solve it.
		Recall - 
			Eg - Algorithmic Challenges - questions also test aptitude besides command over language.
			How do we implement OData in a web application, etc.
		RLP - Customer wants fast retrieval of this information - don't send it to server then. Observation - need architectural understanding to make decisions.
	A - Understanding the engineering capabilities and recent paper works. Given a real world project or business problem or feature to solve, how do you technically deliver it ensuring all functional and quality metrics (robust, secure, fast, flexible, reusable (yourself and others - eg that team has done some work for us to exploit, we can expose a service there for others also, let's make it a framework for e1 to comply, etc)
		Recall - How does whatsapp implement security, how come whatsapp have no database, how do we ensure something, what is the need for using something.
		RLP - Build a system design for facebook, etc and what all will you consider during the design. What are the final expectations, etc.
	S - Understanding gamut of real world challenges that architects across industry face and what hacks they use; what standards ways are more used than others, what are compromises; what are unsolved problems industry faces or invests too much OR is heavy on effort side, etc. What's possible from state of the art, what are connected ideas from a given idea, etc.
		Recall - have you read about his work.
		RLP - what are your ideas about state of the art and roadahead or next steps.
IQ - Team has to have synergy - where everyone feels free to invoke services from each other within and across team without hesitation for faster processing
	ensure that the service invokes should be really necessary 
		meaning assume that the knowledge that you have is all it takes to solve a problem and world of experimentation is open 
		check what works and what's the difference
		try to redo the issue - reproduce the issue with variants and check the difference - being a scientist - you are a computer scientist.
	of course, there should be internal buffer created after every transaction so that the question is not repeated.
IQ - Don't give 100% to your work but 200% - 100% e1 is supposed to give but if you wanna excel then gotta give greater.
	what am I here for anyway - to learn, grow - if gonna do it, why not give full heart to it. why am I here in bangalore anyway.
	1 picture is better than 1000 words - show me don't tell me. 
		Focus on that!! Practical not just theory.
		the result when you give 200% is very delicious.
		make achievement as your sanskars (or habit)
	Work with devotion > work with passion for achievement. Discipline man is disciplined in every sphere of life and it pays off the best.
	who enjoys the life the best - the one regulates all the layers vs who wants to squeeze pleasure outta some given layer - although there is hierarchy even highest layer compromising lower layers is not desirable.
	These things don't directly bring you money or direct pleasures (philosophy) but give foundation for higher layers pleasures.
IQ Grat
	An LCP call not working - found out dump so made it into an object - why db call fails - finding query and firing it in postgres - query worked fine - but result not coming - found out the object was not complete by taking some references.
	cause was during mapping - it didn't have other structure components - so just minor update on the object and done.
IQ - localhost nodeJS server won't work without internet connection - strange!
	we are horse of long race - do not just say something isn't working - theorize about it - make thesis - go deep. Challenges are opportunities to go deep.
	always keep standardizing and enriching your understandings. If something takes time, that's a fact of art, face it.
	observations that message raising from reject section of action isn't working but works from inside of implementation so homework for framework.
	the message is also not carrying forward to calling screen.
	is anything working and then wrap your head around that.
IQ - insights for strategies people take
	test script has variants for test cases so look for those properties as well.
	doing different things or doing things differently
	competition and winner, change the game, etc
	whatever it takes for narrative.
	laborious
IQ - Manager Guidance - before going to holidays, perform the following:
	Meeting request
	Automatic reply
	CSS NG reassignment - don't just assign; in the very least put internal memo before unassigning.
	CATS Recording
	No TR
IQ - Learn from all fields of work
	IT very much like acting career - you wanna grow in your acting line all kinds of acting.
	Working under a director for a specific movie or project - you wanna do full justice to the movie or project - it is personal to you.
	But you are not glued to director - that's managerial side of your job - you are actor - currently working movie on a genre (comedy, action, romance) - you need specific skillset for them.
		different technologies (tech agnostic you are) like different roles in movies you work on and persevere along that line - you are growing in what you are - actor!!
		domain is important to you ideologically - it gives meaning to your talents but domain never defines or limits or restricts you - think movie type you work in.
		you should neither be restricted by domain nor by skill set - you grow thru both of them and grow along the line of CS Life viz tech, engg, arch, scie.
	Return to Supplier 222 is released
		the case was ID created, RTS created, PO manually finished (that makes RTS released I think)
		ID, create corresponding OD, now you can not create CM but can create SIV. CM not possible because of not giving the follow up decision.
		there can be other reasons, need to check change log for all the RTS in that status.
		what caused the status to be what it is - the change log can help - if not UI then bbp_pd.
IQ - Mayank Tiwari - He was a support guy - but so determined that got stellar awards at SAP for thought leadership - every month some innovation going on.
IQ - Hypothesis is a theory which can after testing be accepted or rejected. A postulate is something that is assumed to be true without proof.
IQ - There is FOE for all business processes
	but we have to think thru all situations like what if PO cancellation is triggered when ID exists or not.
		in this case if ID is done, cancellation ain't not allowed.
IQ - There is a lag so like old walkie talkies - over, copy that, roger that.
IQ - This is a simple case - not worth my time.
IQ
	Try - catch for all - which stage it faltered using a variable for checkpointing used in catch block.
	take more risks - 
		refactoring.
		Fast - efficiency.
	OAuth, Metro UI.
	Access Token, Refresh Token on sign in - public private key based. 
	Hash generated different for different people but combined with your name - unique match.
	saurabh -> hash1; saurabh -> hash2 ; saurabh + hash1 = saurabh + hash2. hashes being private keys for your names and saurabh being having its own public key.
IQ - given any form of knowledge (Science)
	first question should be where to apply this (project/case study for arch + when and how for engg)
	are there any tools that enable to see this knowledge at work (independenly - tool and tech)
	Eg - Operating Systems - where and when am I going to use this; how will I go about; any tool like shell script or software or VM that can help me with fine informations.
	Developing customer discovery skills and insights
IQ - Evaluation Criteria - Breakthrough thinking, simplicity, Boldness, Vision/Purpose, Strategy, Impact.
IQ - Takts means Takt1 cover priority1 set and Takt2 cover next priority set and so on.
IQ - Not just stream but also field should be on focus.
	Depth that you get in your field - domains are like multiple usecases where you can perform problem solving.
	devp framework is also good
	if you say you want M Tech time to count - also you should make these 2 years of company to count.
	systems devp is effort, availability of content is also an issue - least effort protocol for varna. 
		but i am gonna be a user of those systems and becomes a tool in my hand for feasibility in CS and utility as well (eg - was a packet sent?)
	what is desired in your stream is specialization and depth in 1 and width knowledge (feasibility and 20% necessary) in others.
	for systems we can push open source projects, for Data science we can work on freelancing.
IQ - Not every day streak - regular streak but every day consistency - that's what is required in life.
	have some project commitments like once a month I move out. sth like that.
IQ - Quora vs Stackexchange vs Reddit
	Stack Exchange - how-whatsapp-works
	Quora is best for well-thought arguments, Stack Exchange is best for correct answers, and Reddit is best for general stuff.
	Reddit is better for posting experiences/bugs/cool photos.  
	Quora is best for asking questions that have a high level of computation/understanding.
	Stack exchange is best for very specific questions (mainly programming).

	So, there really is not best; it depends on what you need to be done.
	By popularity, Reddit.
		good for getting more discussions on questions and topics
		good for spread rather than depth.
		question will be answered within a day if its worded well enough.
	By true intellectual knowledge sharing(the fundamental purpose of all three sites), Quora.
		personal angle often with their own experiences
		not as specific category wise as Stackexchange
		EXCELLENT for good, well-thought arguments and discussions
		mature enough to give polite and concise answers without being trolls
	By usefulness in everyday lives, Stack Exchange.
		more 'correct' answers on a very specific question, rather than opinions
IQ - Problem Class Solved, POC, Practice (Case study), Regex, Discussions/Debates, Innovation/Application.
	why keep doing it - freelancing, leveraging for your smartness in groups, innovation capability, enhanced problem solving ability, debugging the existing source of problems.
	I expect from myself doing this for every new technology and stuff.
	Office hours are meant for solving problem instances. Other hours when you solve problem classes are far more valuable as Computer scientist.
	Holiday => A new Problem Class Solved - more technology (with all tools) in my arrow quiver belt/box.
IQ - 
	when faced with a problem - think of not just bridge that a senior can fill but also what all other options, like undo or redo that can be performed.
		maybe some lock happened while you performed a change in fndx_pd_template.
	when to be deleted from in reference - try changing the boni by changing the referenced object. go to the rule of predecessor doc.
		how to update boni of in reference - use retention date updates - the data retention rule which it qualified against will always show the name cuz it is always in reference returning true.
			it is not wrong to think that there is actual associations check for deletability across docs - it just checks whether the conditions are met as per the condition in the bo supplement.
IQ - BYD - Improvement Issues.
IQ - Work Smart - while working there are only extentions to the below but the foundational core has to be separate.
	Domain Level
		ERP - Business workings. Some youtube stuffs
			means I don't care other domains - maybe high level details of stuffs but not necessary.
			ability to have conversation with any person with excellent business acumen. 
			Ability to cover different business scenarios from UML type style.
		SCM - Course (all successful important scenarios). SCM course - that's it and as and when reqd.
			means I don't care for other Components' UIs - only the relevant ones.
			ability to explain any other application area what SCM is all about - answering their specific questions.
			Ability to demonstrate all concepts on UI.
		SRM - All UI, all scenarios. ask seniors for anything unexplored. start scripts, rbt and boum2.
			means I don't know every possible interactions with SCM - I just know SRM's all cases (user's perspective - they can ask me questions)
			ability to be a contact person for anyone from other teams for UI related queries - how can I do this business scenario on the UI screen - what's that error message?
		SIV - All checks, determinations (enrichments), actions. open the package explorer and mdrs and go thru all of them one by one AND ticket solving.
			means not taking trouble of finding other AA's checks and determinations (if get to know great but not taking that stand) - a developer can ask why this is happening.
			A list of all actions, checks and determinations - with reasoning and contexts (tracing from UI actions to bo level).
			Ability to answer queries from people within the same application area team whether some proposal will work or not.
	Tech Level - Eth (ABAP, UIDesigner, Frameworks) - Must know. 
		Others - what's the level of abstraction (i/o at all the levels), Checkpoints.
			DB
			Buffer
			PD
			PDI
			ESF
			Oberon
		PI Framework
			what are the steps involved. Checkpoints.
		Frontend
			All Properties that I know and should know.
			Ruby scripts
		Backend
			Case study codes.
			All codes written till date.
		ABAP Course
			Hello World Program of eth - keep updating it on new encounters.
			Regex for eth.
			APIs I used.
IQ - Work
	If you believe in something great you can achieve something great
	further call to PO for modify the btd refs according to gsa changes - using change_modifications.
	directly in h3e you made the change!! not even acl - so confident.
		CSS 0 - sth wrong with css.
		police is all corrupt - what your father does btw
			i liked to see you alive - mother in hospital then it's a good combination for you.
			being a colleague you can expect the term to reduce from a year to a month.
		The TT that I play is with tickets - with the support colleagues.
	We need a piece of code here - EXECUTE_SINGLE (/SRMAP/CL_LPUR_GSA_CR_CFRM_REF)
	Beer, Vodka, Whisky, Rum, Desi.
	another problem is that if gsa to be posted goes for in approval - then full quantity as dictated by schedule lines is created
		this makes delivery exceed po - more than expected.
		act vals also update themselves after approval.
IQ - Work - ability to be exhaustive
	there is no other (difficult statements to make) but if it exists then tell me the source.
	I know every scenario - not in my knowledge - no, say it - it is not possible. So much study that all i know is all that exists.
IQ - Work cultures - Japan I don't work hard, compulsory holidays, complete shut down, vacations for some reason.
	Mass bunk concept, Sweden 4day workweek, 
IQ - Work - Ideal vs Real
	There is ideal way of doing things like Test Driven Development (frozen requirements and time investment a lot) but real way 
	develop prototype test it thru a series of scenarios desirable and keep evolving - customers want product feature as soon as possible and it is understood there will be bugs which will be rectified 
	it ain't electronics industry where bugs suck real bad.
	bottleneck on 1 person - so much knowledge and nitigrities of knowledge - so ask - KT won't have anyone interested cuz doesn't matter until encountered.
		things have to happen like this that you get stuck, ask for help and go along.
IQ - Work Experience first, resume brand name 2ndly, then you say what you want, where you be - make life easy - don't go for money but well established company.
	team start somewhere is not a good choice - any new things will be jayakar for them and even money but no growth - look for good crowd - good company naturally invites good crowd - intellectual people.
	raddi company - even you can't expect much. Little to learn and lack growth mindset leads to degradation.
	Adopting a bias-for-action: Rapid prototyping, speeding up time to insight and impact
IQ - Foolishness of telling boss that he has a problem - boss never has a problem !!! You are getting into granular details - helps me get to know my colleagues.
IQ - Always choose a life a pressure (self imposed!!) - most of relapse when I am free!! Growth lies in pressure not laxity.
IQ - Write enough test to demonstrate a fail.
IQ - Given a new innovation 
	appreciate in beginning
	evaluate it thoroughly from use case perspective - what's missing, what's more, what's next steps.
	test it thoroughly
	appreciate in end
IQ - Research Paper vs Patent
	A research paper is just that, a publication. It does not give you any rights, except bragging rights. 
	A research paper may or may not be presenting an invention or something new.
	A patent also gives you the right to stop someone from making a product that infringes upon the claims of your patent.
IQ - Being good at something and putting off the limits to showcase that - eg - you can pop 3 balls or objects - what about chicksaw. The place where penalty of failure is quite high.
	people are amazed but this is just showcasing high confidence at a craft and pushing that limit is best avoided.
IQ - Making mistakes losing reputation but be human - it's ok be kind to yourself but do homework so as to not repeat them.
	Didn't see that max Find had the sorting done so second iteration wasn't necessary
		no early judgments - give it time - start off with assumption, I am not understanding it fully - go thru it again and then take a solid stand.
		Do a little homework on presentation part - be it asking doubts from seniors or for scrum update - it should be presenting high level issue and what was necessary.
		enroll for toast masters.
	Thumb rule - it is right - they are not novice coders! They could have missed or forgotten or made an assumption - find that out.
		play a healthy game with them - we are making logical fights but we are friends by the end of the day.
		please respect your colleagues! You are awesome but don't deny their awesomeness - we want to live in win-win world - reduce your MOP (excel competition or I am the best mindset)
		do justice to yourself is always the goal - I can solve it and this gives pleasure - that others can't should not be the source of my pleasure.
		Intellectual pleasure should be pure and not tinged with pride and envy or jealosy. Recognize their awesomeness and present yours, grow yours.
	Presentations are not for proving superiority
		Presentations are for knowledge transfer - empowering your friends. Your friends are lucky to have you.
IQ Lapse - Bad D
	I don't have SIV GUID cuz I am going to create it - then what is this ls_header.
	source node id is gonna be siv only for siv attachment 
	refer /SRMAP/CL_FND_DO_ATT~MODIFY / /SRMAP/IF_FND_DO_ATT~MODIFY
	Save the doc so as to get parent, header information in bbp_pd and use that info while debugging that will help you.
	use workspace search like TREX, OR ask a senior for additions or references.
	Look at final stage instead of some existing process debugging and assign all values as per final state expected along with what you have and can be enriched.
IQ - Data science is precisely that - it is science - where assumption is that all actions took place entirely on the basis of data available to us.
	conceive of an environment where you have all the world of data you can imagine - now, make predictions - how do you do that? 
		based on your subconscious or conscious hypotheses to account for a behavior which is under examination.
	I want to predict who all will be first to leave - you have all the data of world - observe a pattern with those who leave and who don't - tell who is most likely.
	Data Science is a toolkit or you can make it a profession 
	tell me when will Saurabh leave office on a particular day - you can be very wrong but study and pattern and tell - use recordings made by swipe machines and tell sth.
	DS is make all managerial decisions on the basis of data - in science it is what insights does data present - what patterns make you believe that some parameters are strongly related (correlation or causation)
	What will corporate houses use DS for - you bet they will use it for managerial decisions. Or in software line to make automation not just dumb but smarter also.
	So Software Engineers are not really limited - they have all the tools in their hands which includes DS.
	the technology that you take responsibility for - you gotta know their all regex. You are already an RnD guy - be RnD guy in spirit - tags can come later.
	For me, DS is for freelancing - SE also is. What is CS life - it has 4 flavors - tech, engg, arch, science. when you file patents you are a good engr.
	good architect knows the software system and organizes the world pretty well.
	when you publish papers you are a scientist - you see Mayank - he publishes lots of papers while he works cuz he sees the professional world with scientific eyes.
		this is bothering - what's the problem here - no attender when the system is down - so why don't we ....(your paper writing starts)
	don't have rush for vertical as people know it - have rush for concepts - and you continue to grow on your ladder.
IQ - You are new - daro mat! feel free to experiment - cultivate knowledge and apply in work also - that gives you recognition as well.
	it gets boring without it - we need more! for sake of spontaneity.
IQ - You like many technologies - thereby befriend many career options (those which let you express those technologies) - but you get married to 1 career - market demands.
	of course, you can change but society encourages 1 marriage. EQ marriage is far more serious cuz of repercussions.
	You don't marry someone you have not even seen - you are spending lotta time with some friend - but don't deny other friendships - let them all develop and 1 of them gravitate you to itself.
	none of those relationships are gone in ideal world - they stick with you - but you gonna have more of 1 flavor and others will be assistants to the main one.
	no rush but while you are with a friend you do full justice to them - it is the satisfaction of the underlying technologies expression which you like.
	Don't bet on sth you don't know - leaving one while other is not even visible. Pick previous step after next has taken a hold.
	I don't compromise on present for rosy future - I make way for future thru the roads of present.
IQ - You lose reputation when you make assertions that are false or can be falsified - stand for your assertion - or let it be postponed or unknown concerns.
	Jokes can never be at the expense of responsibility - act and think in alignment with what what's "duty" - fun eth around that.
	love is when you are 1 with it. We have to move from duty to love in field that can fulfill our desires.
	are you dependent or dependable?
IQ - You are not a labor, you are an artist - but when it comes to projects - the art needs to be done in stipulated time (I work on labor's day cuz I am not a labor)
	(how much you address depends on available time - so yes, more the time, the better)
	I am never in tension with what could happen - I focus on what I want to happen as per my beliefs.
	Company recruits us for a role - taking full responsibility of some section and you are fully into it (not timewise but responsibility wise)
		but you can't challenge the psychology beyond a breakpoint - when it's too much (your stamina has reached its upper point and it's not a achievement celebration cycle) - you need a break (and that time let the world wait)
	Ideally you work in office timings and workload (as decided in conjunction with you - cuz your role, you know how much you can handle) is such that you get to finish stuffs in stipulated time - that's how plans are made.
		there can be exceptions. There can be cheating propensity - you can reduce celebration time little bit but it can't be nulled and it shouldn't be nulled.
		you may consider a change if it's taking toll on your head. Ideally, nothing should take toll on your head - things can be revised. Targets can be decommitted as per priorities.
		but don't lose your trust - always promise lesser but deliver more.
	it should be pursuit (with checkpoints) and celebration on achievement - decide at the beginnning what's gonna be your celebration point.
		decide on what will celebrations be and there will be "Others" category to celebrations unplanned ones but a smaller chunk.
		scrum rocks because of this - it is dynamic.
	there are certain "musts" in your life that you will never compromise on.
	breaking the office timings itself is a proof that work is more than what should be (assuming you don't dance the time away)
		but given a promise, do you extend? yes, to a certain degree (while being aware you are compressing on other important things but hey, that's temporary else we need change)
		while we extend we gotta know that this extention is serious and what steps will you take to ensure that it doesn't repeat!!
		9 hour work with 1 hour break in middle is ideal - in youth, you spend more time but for mastering the craft.
	faith in God also means - No matter where I will be, I am gonna be fine.
	But business model of winning bids by quoting unrealistic rates for project completion - more doings for lesser money => less salary and more work for colleagues.
	There is always a possibility of stretch - what I live for anyway? - but minimum commitment for all life usecases should be maintained and that can't go on.
		when there is a clash of stretch demands - then look at what's urgent and what's important 
		is it really urgent or only a perception of urgency (manipulation) or can things be reconfigured - like I will stretch in night but morning I ain't available.
IQ
	You already participated in internal audit, why participate in external - like saying I ran on demo run so in actual run coach will run.
	You pick positives from others - cuz that's what you want to be - your ego or beliefs etc
IQ
	customer asks why did this happen - you have to know the code base and what all user scenarios that it takes.
	customer expects different UUID - customer never expects UUID (but if too technical then thru Ctrl+Shift+Alt+D he may.
IQ - Ideal flow of learning
	hello world program
	decisions possible in hello world program - regular expression!!
	exhaustive of how problem was being solved
IQ - Ideas in meeting
	wish list, favorites, cart - all will assist buying - ?called features.
	what is wrong - u must be doing sth wrong!!
	UI specialist, Backend specialist, DB specialist, DS,etc specialist; RnD
		see ui - don't have save button!!
IQ - Questions specific to making your product better.
	questions in curiosity with evaluation of getting better.
IQ - you can have the mindset of start up or entrepreneur while you are working in a job.
	Someone must have made architecture in the beginning - you now think how to exploit or manipulate the architecture to serve better interests of people.
	K8XKSRVCZ30 - YASH_SUPPORT user is used to create support credentials for a customer system all the time. but not found in another system under a business user.
IQ - you are thinking to make something - all I get is ideas which I never get to make my mind to work on
IQ - Managerial roles a good hold of tech so that ppl don't buff you and know where's it going.
	technical line you stay by becoming architect roles etc.
	no1 person knows eth of BYD - domain level but technical and architecture people do.
IQ 
	How AWS would have been working internally
	How free softwares earn
	How to tell if CIV has created SIV thru XI message - check the external id - SIV is searchable thru that.
	How to cancel outbound delivery (COD)
		Extended Docflow Warehouse order, view all, confirmations, adjust confirmations button, Enable entry, -x and save.
		back to owl, oif - ensure item is cancelled, now you can cancel the outbound delivery.
	How do you Develop a new methodology - It depends a lot on the experiences that you have gone thru 
		so cultivating various experiences is an important EQ or Ashram aspect.
	How to get access to a system
		SAP Logon - but we may need some projects to be approved and also some system level approvals.
		Get Credentials from Self Service in DLM RMDA Launch - Request ABAP User (For Projects for a System), Reset Password.
IQ - as built is important for issue/ticket solving and extending application without regressions.
	checkpointing of a usecase at specific landmarks is a great thing to do.
IQ - Impedance Mismatch
	Imagine you have a low current flashlight that normally uses AAA batteries. Don't try this at home, but suppose you could attach your car battery to the flashlight. The low current flashlight will pitifully output a fraction of the light energy that the high current battery is capable of producing. Likewise, if you attached the AAA batteries to Batman's spotlight, you'll also get low output. However, match the AAA batteries to the flashlight and they will run with maximum efficiency.
	So taking this discussion back to software engineering, if you imagine the flow of data to be analogous to a current, then the impedance of a relational data model is not matched with the impedance of an object hierarchy. Therefore, the data will not flow with maximum efficiency, a result of the impedance mismatch.
IQ - https://www.tutorialspoint.com/execute_sql_online.php
IQ - set goal which is in pahunch but not pakad.
IQ - Aggression comes when you identify with the backlog or product increments
	you are looking for innovation - which can be overridden by customer influence cuz being of value is more important than being of awesomeness.
	for product increment, we will have a set of features - whose why is sth you relate with - you know it is required and it will make a difference.
	the feature implementation is broken down into a set of technical tasks required to venture it to its tangible outcome.
	Tasks are volunteered by a set of people (based on their application components and technical expertise) - you gotta know "as built" so that you know where to extend and possible regressions.
		even documentation making also comes in a task - cuz product is heavy lifting without guidance. It becomes Coconut in monkey's hands.
		for making gdpr, there will be UI making, test scripts writing, bo code, eco code, etc.
		ensuring good input - cleaning of ground truths. extracting buyer info as a piece of code reqd to form input or during processing in a method.
		why an API is too slow (speed), flexibility of a code, 
		Concept making, UML makings.
	to fulfill the task, every developer undertakes a subtask (can have more developers also) - it is very granular piece of work that you can do independently.
IQ 
	Career
		Me
		My Knowledge
		My Network
		My Experience
	Career lessons learning
		find an appropriate teacher observing some free lessons and then decide who fits best (like we choose Guru - not to say that others are bad)
	did you see her show - not until now.
IQ - sometimes answers never come if you don't ask questions.
IQ - Giving a referral - a portal for all the jobs - types internal and external
	external apply - give whose referral.
	internal apply - yourself or others - use requisition number or keywords to find the job application. Give the details and done.
	Job Search
	Job Applications
	Saved Jobs
	Saved Searches/Alerts
	My Candidate Profile
	Saved Applications
	referral tracking
IQ - Google style
	recursion - did you mean recursion (link)?
	Thanos - click and see the links disappear.
	Endgame - fan following basis.
IQ - Paper reading - make most outta that
	fast go through
	read with different abstractions and standardize understandings emotionally
	you read it as implementation of new feature - so effective a new module and mild changes in others to adapt to its presence.
	Build a theory or model around what's already given ; fill the gaps with assumptions or regard them as exits
IQ - Along the direction of Tech, Engg, Arch and Science
	domain is supposed to grow 
		tech - you know programming - what does this method say in the use case terms - given a method requirement we can scribble the code, etc.
			speed challenges - in 2 hrs, can you finish this task or who will implement the UI screen first.
		engg - given a set of methods, XI and stuffs - tell how have we solved a customer end requirement - given a user requirement we know what all to do - where all to go and make changes.
			Test - ability to face customer, debate on the best way to implement a solution
			you understand a scenario, a set of scenarios (in terms of where to find the code, what hack to surpass a check)
			You can give ideas for scenarios' betterment (assumption - you know all the individual functions' technical details)
			There is subdivision of a specific Application Component of a set of scenarios that you handle - what all services do we expose (in code, UI, XI, etc) and consume (tax, etc)
		arch - given a business, tell them how BYD can be worked out for them (all scenarios and new ones), with what add ons and stuffs - given a new system level change (GDPR!!) - you know what all to do.
			ability to remodel the system to address non-functional requirements of user and developer's needs (flexibility and ease to understand - Design Patterns) 
			harness state of art technologies to address (think PO, Arch, Mgr and their discussions with Product team - We can link PR with PO - better we do it thru checks rather than creating new screens)
			Test - Innovation falls under this (assumption you know all the scenarios in the system from technical perspective - you can work things around in few key presses)
		Science - all the business nuances are known and and mapped to technical world through existing process models and data models and UI Models(or making new ones) 
			Test - How a new UI model should look - That model applies here with minor modifications (assumption all real world business is known to you - what works for user, what doesn't)
			Think - makers of BYD system - who envisioned it - there should partner public solution model, there should UI models to adopt using UI Designer, Let's reuse NGAP methodology
				It is ERP business problem for SME market to be solved - let's come up with a solution - business models also maybe.
				It's not just ERP Business Problem that you can solve - you can take any sector and come up with solutions for existing problems.
			Also Think - Innvent - how would you solve water problem through state of art technology.
				Writing papers for betterment of existing tools - what new tools can be made.
	There is application of all of those fronts in domain side - it is impossible to not grow along the ladder of business domain or consulting side in the industry you are working
IQ - Excellent Developer / Engineer - it's an iterative development.
	Clear cut problem statement (from end user perspective)- backlog instance - make tasks outta them (logical chunks of work) and sub-tasks further 
		piece of work doable in sth like 2 hr (placement time codes you may recall) streak which fulfills a task to some degree.
	pick a sub-tasks : take bare minimum successful scenario (input strings which are acceptable - don't forget epsilon).
		Validate for input validity (within scope) and reject others aptly - thru error message or blind return or exception.
		make a DAG to map inputs to expected outputs (covering possible messages, change log, etc thru the process)
		Validate output conforming to rules.
	Write a test case to ensure that code is robust (exhaustive and covering runtime errors (when your system tears apart), and logical errors (output ain't as expected))
IQ - Professional means
	vocab is natural to you - no thinking you speak freely in that
		NGAP is bro of Netweaver - Debugging stack is BYD Stack we see - Netweaver is the SAP Logon's controller codes - like debugging feature is given by Netweaver.
		Tcodes that run are NW.
		When on SAP Logon we make transactions on mdrs, we save these on DB and the BYD Stack pulls data from the DB for the property values.
		Netweaver is the Operating System while making softwares SAP Logon.
	We want pride in name of profession
		look for contribution and education in profession not serving the pride.
	We want pride for the shapely body we have - but not the purpose it can serve.
	We want pride of being singled out in praise but not the responsibility we are willing to take to help
	Can we see the netweaver code? Ask Mukesh
		Task - check when mapping from ECO to BO happens (as an eg) - check where the mapping came from - that will help you find its interface with NW.
	You are as valuable as your quick and robust implementations. Make ppl ask you how stuff works.
		you gotta be a good technician - takes lesser time
		you gotta be a good engineer - solving a problem.
		you gotta be a good architect and a good scientist.
IQ - Below are some of the ways by which the free software vendors make money.
	The freemium model
		In this case the vendor keeps the software open source and free to use, but they charge for some premium services. The idea is to keep the entry barrier low for the developers and convert some those users into paying customers by offering them additional services. For eg. mongoDB is open source and free to use but they offer a paid version for a fully managed database.
	Donations and Funding
		Some of the vendors get donations from happy users and funding from organizations that promote the open source software.
	Ads and promotion
		Some vendors have a high traffic on their website because of their free offerings. They monetize their website by showing ads and doing paid promotions
IQ - Architect is like professor - they don't engineer things but they are point of contact for all engineer and guides for all engineers.
	Think PO - he has only 0.5 effort in takt - remaining is all planning.
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fbhI1qVj0c
	TMI - Too Much Information
IQ - Architect
	Look for gaps
	observe dissatisfaction from technology standards (slow, old, etc)
	sprint for devp and showcase. Quiz portal, new test framework - why not upgrade existing one?
	closest to customer system is vlab, h32 isn't it also has updates from h3e system test transport.
	SANDBOX aso, acl are all Sandbox - VM on the cloud - each is a system in there. This also means you can ssh on them.
		we use SaaS - there is a software running - whom we request activate, check, etc. It doesn't happen on our machine - how do you know that? or Prove it.
		remove connection to SAP network and try activating - it won't work. Sheer opening the system without SAP network ain't allowed.
	how it works is lower layer - assumed at the layer of architecture.
		architecture is a leader - who deals with flow of questions of "why this and not that" - recall siemens experience.
IQ Work culture - For any user story, you are working, just write two liner update at the end of each day. No one can challenge what you work on.
	broadcast your work.
	Rather than burst of anger cuz you kept tolerating beyond bounds, better option is to express anger as soon as possible.
		it is always desirable to not be a nice guy - and raise a concern as soon as possible. This is already an attitude of an architect that you foresee the problems.
IQ - I need VVV at techs API, exits, and capabilities but at arch level - we abstract out and apply same UML diagrams like FOE for consulting and for system design.
IQ - Identify controllers (layers), identify their i/o and models, etc.
IQ
	for your field of work top down is the way to go when it comes to office jobs but in free time and if a level betrays then go 1 level deeper.
		Eg - Problem was debugging if inport has received the uuid - it had not - so why waste hours debugging the code that you are not supposed to.
	office culture should be shameless exchanges - as if easy going guys - hey, that calculation rule isn't working - a specific senior or in general, do you know about it?
IQ - Work is a different world - It's not so much debugging and finding out but knowing whom to ask (senior), being in sync with friends, guiding juniors with knowledger of "your layer".
	You don't really need to dig in different layers but yes, your scientist takes over sometimes.
IQ - Data Science or any subject has different layers of its development to industry.
	Science - come up with capabilities; ideas origin; interrelationships, maths behind it; proving them right; other tools for validations, degree of correctness.
		+ and - of every techniques. Strength, limitations of different techniques developed.
		Concepts of bias, variance - underfitting, overfitting.
	Architecture - determination side implement the proposed algorithms thru maths and get a library or framework ready to be consumed
		discrimination side ability to discern - which situ which one is best; which one to use and not.
		(probably this is reflection from the science aspect but every architect should know it and measure it concretely or give a technique to measure it concretely)
			common problems expected (abstract of many concrete problems in different projects).
		Eg - library for checking of bias, variance overfitting
	Engineer - Knowledge of right packages, comfortable with languages and tools - thinking on top of them to solve problems with fair understanding of higher layers.
		science reflection employing right set of algos for a given data.
		architect reflection use right packages to measure the degree of correctness or dependability of a solution in terms of quality of your solution.
		This layer of development has its different architect - one architect makes tools and techs for developing products and another develops products leveraging these tools.
IQ - Ego that I hammer over and over again is CS. 
	But industry doesn't follow that - it pivots into some role amongst many - that for me is DS 
		maybe it's demand but I really have like my time with it. By that I ain't talking cloud making but cloud using. 
		Excel, SQL, data manipulation, etc I have been really good at.
		I don't have to worry if pivoted ego must find higher layer expression of finding micro-realm cuz 
			generally it does. 
			If not, create one (locally or start up).
			engage in opportunities like freelance.
	what about being good at UI Design Patterns and Backend design patterns - there are many more things that I am good at like parsers and systems but they are not useful at creation but little bit as consumers.
	So, at ego and knowledge front, it is CS. Dhyan and naturally the karma front it pivots to (if it must) to DS.
	Yes, it is true that we should not just blindly keep changing our arena of tapasya but should let our tapasya cumulate over a topic for it to be most fruitful.
	It is also like you will do what you like to do and best if you get paid for it.
		Whatever you like, why not do it right now and even make better claim for next opportunity - present company is also not compromised ever.
		My Industry Motto is that I am your best bet.
	Mantra in morning - let's make some things right, better. Let's make some spectacular art. Kucch kaam seedhe karte hain. Kuch bada/adbhut karte hain.
IQ - every problem get solved. The important thing is to choose problem wisely so that it cumulates to perfection.
IQ - Seeing JD - it's a question - do I cluster with the opportunity or I say I will work hard to get it - well, yes do it but not that you must apply it.
	MOG is not work hard but work smart - knowing importance of everything and ensuring that time you devote to every aspect of life cumulate to stability for higher layers and of course worthwhile gratification.
	So, MOG or KC is compromise with IQ prospects - to some degree yes but in favor of not just transcendental pursuits but also to maximise the worldly satisfaction.
	I am just gonna have fun with it while contributing at my best. That's the motto for IQ.
	I study cuz I like it. And it becomes a util in my hand as part of my ego which is loosely coupled with work. But work already gives a narrative called specialization.
IQ - What is the price to pay - whom do you pay the price - say with CS Life you are paying the price to CS as it is a conscious entity.
IQ - offer for writing articles - Purpose of article. Tone of article. Intended audience.
IQ
	tu bakchodi karega to mein tera baap hoon - X4 assignment this time - yes, it will take 2 sprints. Seriously, yes, that's what I am here for.
	No need to run for hike cuz competition and share pricing pay you better.
	HR reasons for hike - I won't be getting hike from new company but old company would have paid me something.
		2nd company onwards do whatever cuz you know the field and craft and market needs you.
		Marriage expected so my expenses will increase and Bangalore is also a costly city so I am expecting.
		Be adamant for only 2 times, 3rd time accept whatever is given - what this means is you put a share price this much and I will explore other options offering better share price.
		Once you have an offer, be vocal about it to bargain better.
			any excuse to deny later on - I got offer from gurugram which is very close to my hometown - end of story.
	No worries - cuz work finds its ways to get done.
	Theorem of IQ field - 1 year of hard core efforts to learn the field in and out - next year onwards start checking your market worth - if dissatisfaction then do it sooner also.
	Why you didn't tell us about your car - This I bought only for learning. wanted to celebrate after having learnt I buy new car.
	Stay with actuals on notice period - I would prefer join the next day but also time to get actual "share price". If you increase it to stay at home - why waste 1 month worth of salary - you will anyways be oddly situated there.
IQ - While it is important to do justice to your talents - it is important to note that you are not overcommitting on future efforts to get the future results.
IQ - Roommate is into consulting line - he is advisor not consultant - consultant is in for a specific business problem to solve whereas advisor is intellectual to advise to achieve more - he may dive into many areas to achieve more.
	Also in these, there are roles divisions like quality assurance/ testers (backend frontend), product makers for consultants to consume, auditors (for giving company ratings or helping them improve or compliance)
IQ - Infy - I used to work for App Devp field till 11 pm - so I have paid my dues for app devp in past - not that I was callous - I was just not proactive which pinged me.
IQ - JIRA - it's the abstraction of your work that really matters to the higher layer 
	management - see, they are "customers" paying for the work - of course cuz they have their bets
	they don't give a damn about specifics but its abstractions so that they can catch someone and all that shit.
	If something didn't work - you have to have explanation for the same.
	Please understand the layer you are working on and you are accountable for that layer and exploring the under surface is glorious but doesn't account for work of that layer.
	50% effort on tickets. 10 days makes it 5 days of development - ignoring all the environment that wasn't working in the beginning 
		please keep a note of that for drill down (indu shit)
	Because it is only your layer that matters - so immediate ask colleagues when there is a problem and get advice.
	I have this deficiency of going deep - deficiency from industry layer standpoint but personal standpoint that's my strength.
	The stories are to be completed in sub-tasks picked and finished in linear fashion.
	In such an environment you are not inspired to do development when you are questioned about your intent 
		you take up problems and solve them but if somebody questions your sincerity itself then it's a problem.
	Please understand there is a heat coming from the top 
		cuz even when you replace people from Sunil B to Sunil K or Karthik - the heat continues to be there.
		this means that the problem isn't with people but with working model or our congruence with the working model.
IQ - Even In development, the moment of fun is not in collection of data and mappings and recalling and keeping track of details but in problem solving of the concrete problem.
	the domain understanding also has its fun but I am talking about technical fun here.
	the domain level fun is in seeing the abstractions.
IQ - 1 clear improvement I think is required is fast asking - but then that's a compromise on learning thru exploration or adventure.
	So, recall what Vikram in Siemens said - work on a problem for not more than 2 hrs to solve independently on exploration or adventure (that's allowed) but more than that, immediately ask for attention or bring to the notice of stakeholders that there's a problem which needs solution, either remove the problem, change the problem, get acknowledgement for the problem, postpone the problem, get solution from someone out of the box, get "time" resource for the problem.
	In Company or corporate set up, people buy your time or talent - being a little loose with time is just trying to get max outta deal.
	Freelancing is buying your effort - your effort is seen in abstractions of started, finished or not finished, etc - on finished your get paid.
IQ - understanding the economic model of work and that you need to be the best bet or contributor.
	Micromanagement from others' perspective may not feel good (cuz of standard deviations that they may not see over many transactions).
	But it is good to have it on personal front - so that you keep on evaluating how good a supplier you are and get gradient descent over it for better ego.
	Also, learn, contribute, grow and leave the set up while people ask why instead of asking when.
	And that you are the supplier and price of your services are determined by bidding is economic reality so no compromise on that.
	But while anywhere you are the best bet for your buyers.
IQ - When I say I am their best bet - this claim is based on the actuals and not just perceptions.
	meaning - to give what they don't deserve; to work my ass off even if I am not inspired to serve them so; solving the end users problems even if there is no window to work for end users and (latter readers of the code)'s best interest.
IQ - PO represents customer and is supposed to product expert.
	raise incidents if anything is found during the regression based testing.
	DPP Test coverage determined by team as per changes they made - let me know the tests which will be covered for your teams.
IQ - Alignment to customer is anyways important - but serving their needs vs serving their greed. 
	When you say I am their best bet - hearing this a customer may start asking unreasonable shit cuz you are best bet, ain't you?
	MOG is the art of doing desired work where the needs (not material needs but needs in terms of desired work) are being served.
	MOP you are best bet in terms of serving the greed of your customer. If not you, the one who slogs himself to serve the greed of the higher layer is any day a better bet.
	So, coming back to what Krishna's ideology is - it is about yukta - neither too little (depriving service to worldly needs including desired work), nor too much (eating up the higher layers and purpose of life).
	Thinking along these lines - no, the goal is not to be the best bet but an ideal bet, a worthy bet. Best bet is a person in MOP willing to sell himself (his self interests) in interest of the higher layer.
IQ - started my year in a gym. Introduce yourself with a swag - I did push ups.
IQ - incremental mode of development is not always the right way to go - if one round of testing takes around 2 mins then obviously - imagine how much a total of time is wasted for every single field - this model falls apart! we need big bang approach in that case and figure out which fields didn't work out of the box.
IQ - being correct is important but ability to map that with political correctness also is important - ability to trace things.
IQ - Corporate World as a unit - how does it work - what is its economics.
	co-founders is the one who came up with idea of product or services that somebody would pay for - it can be new or it can be desire to become competitor.
		Business Model proposed.
	C-employees are as good as owners of the business - they have high stakes in business - of course, they may also be salaried by they decide that.
		They decide the needs, pulse of the market and come up with plans to resume, start, navigate, stop a product from their portfolio. Emphasize - change underlying techs, bring in new power of techs - in discussion with CFO, etc.
		These are the drivers of company culture and both HR and managers are under them - so any employee is supplier of services to them 
			but drill down for specifics work to managers cuz they may not know them all.
				He is projection of higher layer (only 1 aspect or dimension) so is representative of them also.
				He decides appraisals exits for HR to divide the profit or hike shares.
		Business Model Updated.
	Line of Business Managers - starting from Vice President - they are ones who take responsibilities of a specific product or suite.
		along the line, there can division by domains, application areas, features, also SDLC specifics divisions, etc.
		These managers since they represent product they should know functional specifications of the product fully.
			they care for what and not necessarily how but since architects (hierarchy) under them - how is not a big deal to know but don't change that much.
			but their ability to say that something is possible or feasible should not come as a surprise.
		Consultants just help them with their business run better or guidance to this or higher layer.
		If pressured, they may want to get into specific details of every day work so that they can give suggestions on what's important, how to reprioritize - how to maximize efficiency for things that truly matter to the higher layer - all discussions meant for that end only.
	Tech experts - Production units
		architects hierarchy that run along with hierarchy of managers - but architect is under a manager (abstractly).
			creating framework and utilities (Libraries) for solution for product (level) - ability to discriminate and determine in terms of available technologies 
			from work perspective - they are the ones who determine exits for developers in the framework of work expected by managers.
		Developers - get requirements, expectations and meet them functionally and non-functionally.
			they are supposed to know the high level picture of architecture to work properly - not necessarily the implementation but specific details - the signature and expectations.
			you are given a full-fledged task to finish - for completeness sake you need to know the functional specifications in detail - not just structurally but behaviorally also.
				cuz what manager sees is nothing but roll-up of all of your efforts so functional needs determine what the end goals of your work.
			to identify flaws and rectify them - they are supposed to know the final product picture (what should be) - reproduce the expected and actuals 
				Firstly, find the source. if you already know the expectations at a certain exit then whole picture is not necessary - just meet the expectations of that exit.
				if expectations are met but still end result doesn't show up - drill down the DFD levels to identify where there is a difference between expected stack and actual stack.
		Role Differences
			PO is manager's projection of the what aspects of work. What is already and being built in detail (consultant kind), also planned to be built.
			Scrum master is the projection of how aspects of the work.
			Manager is the overseer and the target of plan and work reports from PO and scrum master and architect.
				after the inputs from the both, manager is the one who studies, decides on next steps - problems faced in retrospective 
				he is overseer of the whole scrum process and solves problems faced by team - what's doable, what can be postponed.
				his role more of strategic kind. Vision.
IQ
	So speaking economically - customers of my work are the C-employees actually but practically their representatives and managers (they have say in reciprocation but actors are different)
		the reciprocation is done by another energy of C-employees called HR or accounting department working in sync.
	Art of work - your following should be rich.
		knowledge and reproducibility of features and funtionalities of your product.
		knowledge and traceability of all utilities and exits in the frameworks - fair idea of what is done inside.
		excellent knowledge of technologies and domain specifics at the level of implementation (vocab is richer than higher views).
			for domain and arch - the people are at your disposal so you don't need full responsibility (Flow of Events (FOW) although that's ideal) 
			but at least positive scenarios should be known - keep enriching them whenever encountered in 1 place.
IQ - Designer of Microsoft outlook is architect and maker of PaaS is also an architect 
	former is making software framework at different level of tech stack. Latter is making a platform not a framework - the consumers will code on top of platform but in framework you fill the gaps with specifics.
	windows OS is both framework and utilities provider for the softwares that are developed.
	of course they are very similar but platform won't have non-technical consumers - only technical consumers who want to provide or produce something (IQ) not consumption alone.
IQ - Corporate World
	Those are the champions who know how to deal with people - kaatna kitna badhiya se aata hai.
	Sundar Pichai - Projected more what he did. You gotta be good but he worked on the visibility part a lot - many resigned cuz of him cuz more qualified but who cares.
		do work of 10 Rs - project it as 200. In presentations we tend to reduce it to bare minimum but know showcase all the nitigrities - that makes difference.
		Ground truth, growth has to be accompanied with visibility factor. Work has to be smart and prime focus is always personal growth.
	Personal growth is your responsibility - Person would finish his 5 days backlog in 2 days and 3 days for patent or anything personal or exploration of the system 
		rather than informing managers and making them increase their expectations OR assign trivial tasks to you.
	Quora person - ask yourself if you are growing, if you are not then it's time to change - new situations we will deal but point is no growth as of now.
		what are pros and cons of working with SAP - asked on quora - best products but miser - all pros written and for cons read the above points.
		change the project if ain't satisfied. do not decide based on emotions but rationality as to what's really good for career.
		once your manager knows, he won't give you raise, recommendations and stuff. So gotta do when gotta do.
	Germany management team - they go on adding application components with 2 newbies and thus adding pressure.
		Local management takes care but too docile in front of Germany team - allow themselves to be rolled even when on same role.
			attack mail but changed the tone of the response to docile once more.
			VP was given the seat next to toilet in RMZ as a punishment by the managers.
		they won hackethon but only dinner as the reward and that too 1 dinner and upper limit is set - alcohol seems to be the only way.
			hungama over hackethons. ticket and automates run.
			what matters is if it is useful for projects - regular project with little bit of ML they won and IOT project no1 gave a damn.
		and flexben - not flexible - they reject - criteria based on the whims.
			managed to somehow spend 2K on insurance and birthday added 2K more, dang it.
	managers are generally of the same craft like software but need not be like consultants may face some probs to acclimatize as managers.
		MBA gives ppl titles in dept like accountings, HR, etc but not in supply chain.
IQ - heads-up meaning - an advance warning of something; the heads-up came just in time to stop the tanks from launching the final assault
IQ - PUBG so good that don't hit bullet for 1 minute cuz distance was 1 Km so speed * time.
	gravitation and rotation of earth and wind considered while shooting in real world.
IQ - Architectural issues
	how is it currently working (some DFD)
	what all options do we have to overcome the challenge
	what is the best option with reasons and comparisons
IQ - No "something like that" stuff - know it exact
	we compare it with retention period end - no, we compare it with creation date vs today - retention period.
	half hour wait for query activation! bothered on why ain't working - debugging helped with that.
IQ - Explain the behavior - eg- why coming from that direction? possible answers
	talk about it; enquire about it.
	standardize it for possible utility.
	be interested genuinely - it shows.
IQ - Strategy to find out complete stack with reference to when methods that we have made and that matter like message CM_ESI_root get called, when RBAM check happens
	put debuggers in all methods that matter!!
	take 1st stack that appears - standardize from bottom to top - at their level of abstraction what is the algorithm expected to do!!
	thus, you will develop understanding of stack especially where it matters.
IQ - SAP Talk
	1.	What went well ? (past good)
	2.	What could have been better ? (past bad)
	3.	What would you deem as your achievements in the past year ? (past best)
	4.	What is the development direction you would like to focus on in this year. (future better)
	5.	Any other topics that you would like to add. (future good)
IQ - sume also but till now self exploration is also part of IQ
	Grand Narrative for RnD all along - problem that reliance on something that should push me rather than something that already pulls me.
	with pull, you are looking for opportunity to dive deep. You don't need assignments, you seek one. You would rather do it, even if it doesn't pay you.
	IQ has been a life of self discovery - in the conditional sense (could be constitutional also but not what I am thinking right now).
	Industry specific narrative for my education differs a little bit 
		although in grand narrative it has always been just RnD 
			programming and exploration (like how compiler, graphics and AES program implementation, protocols study) all used to be so much fun. But I think programming was somewhat less (less practical) but that's ok.
		Graduation made me expert application developer.
			although it was naive and didn't have richness of studying available frameworks, platforms, libraries etc for smart applications development but it was decent. 
			I call it exploration phase cuz my preparation for that phase industry-perspective happened primarily with the beginning of infosys 
			I don't recall making any enterprise level application even the prototype before that - although elegant programs were many.
			Some work done as part of masters and some years later were helpful in giving backward compatibility to that narrative thereby making it complete and calling it a phase.
			Infy messaging based apps - microservices in supp British Telecom and PL/SQL for backend corrections.
				AT&T is narrative as QA team and in expert support - making it a complete application narrative.
				didn't know all the market tools - cuz application development is limited by the scope of current needs. Architecture know why they use one and not the other - what all ways the application could have ended up but that level either comes with years of experience or with already done masters program in SE major which tells you what all happens in SE world.
			VIT - preparation for meta-thinking of IQ world. Presenter. Transition phase to raw CS concepts which would in turn lead the path to masters.
				Phase of wait - where I was forced to come to XML data model and process model for myself to help me remember things. This came from the walk in wilderness near VOICE.
			Think learning hadoop and ML projects in college and siemens.
				Think all JAVA Brains, Derek Banas channels, etc.
			Siemens - 3 types of applications made. REST API variants, UI facades of applications, etc.
			SAP - Write and understand exit codes - all L(i) support.
				Working with all libraries within and outside.
				Product company work is part of Grad narrative although in my case Masters was needed.
				Ability to think at different levels - domain (functional, consultants, expert support); architecture (technical abstracts, designers, backend correction, exits not getting hit) and techies (given a problem what are the ways to solve it from the given toolset)
			Standardization - ability to see any product or service out there and ability to think its system design, protocols, OOAD, algos, Data Model and Process Model, etc.
			More - This guy is great. He can do freelancing at applications or analytics. When it comes to applications level he is super awesome cuz he is an architect and an innovator - being aware of abstractions of different tools, techs, libs, configs, DSA, DP, etc. He is even domain expert so a great consultant as well.
		Masters made me expert platform developer (frameworks? well, can include that as well)
			Think ACT project, Neo4J Semantic web project. Think coursera course on ML and DL. OOAD and DP course, DM course, NS; CS being my official major.
				Siemens program that other teams could play around with for their plannings. Implementing from papers to give feedback to other teams if they should do something - deadbanding algorithm.
				Think Approximation algorithms course.
			Siemens - Think reading and implementing Deadbanding algorithm.
				Think giving shapes to platform kinda ideas of seniors - exploring capabilities and discussions on tools capabilities in presentations.
					recall 1 person shared code on presentation slides for recruitment and was ridiculed after the presentation. Architecture abstracts those details.
				Recall giving command line based access of our implemented code to other teams.
			SAP - working very closely with X4 or NW or NGAP platform or framework - code corrections, realizing configurations required cuz of not so good documentation in KBA.
				Studying protocols, DP, OLAP work (2 types with devp in one), OOAD while debugging the codes. Architectural view of the Application - enrichment in RnD vocabulary.
				Such a rich application - super awesome team and seniors up to management level - who clarified concepts as basic as SaaS, PaaS, ML high level and low level understandings, frameworks, exits, scale of properties or configuration management at design time, for run time, and at run time (for a business doc in a business transaction).
				Having awesome friends working in PaaS, writing papers, winning awards in innovations.
			what about analytics being your industry major - well, that's domain of interest or high level abstract usecase of interest.
				all ML, tools, NuSMV, approximation algorithms, etc are just tools in my toolbox - helpful for innovation or case studies for day today work.
			More - This narrative also holds great with my keen study of development of low level systems study in NIT JSR - OS, DBMS, CN, NS, CG, etc.
				Then what is DS or analytics to you - isn't that your major - well I can swing it to any side being RnD - but I see them more like tools in my toolkit at application level and case studies of platform development at Platform level - the sheer maths, and protocols and industry applications are just explorations of the RnD guy.
IQ - growth inputs
	Examples book, inline, tutorials on youtube, tutorials points.
	abstraction
	exercise practice probls (DS/Algo not all; end chapter quiz; adaptation of let us c, GFG)
	Case study (eg - lib mgmt, anything)
	real world problems (eg - kaggle, etc), innvent, hackathon.
IQ - I really like understanding the worldly systems also - ERP, Management aspects, etc.
	Fundamental different between service based companies and product based companies - you don't own product. Drill down details.
		somebody gives you assignment - why would he? cuz it will be done faster, better quality, in cheaper price. Cheaper price means more manpower on a given task so work intensive culture - the willingness to do it at cheapest price so the shares get distributed or cut short in some exponential form as the share comes down to the final implementer. Not to say that higher people don't have contributions - in fact, their contributions are the key for deliveries.
	Fundamental difference between product based companies selling products or Service on web
		aaS or service means you keep paying to us on rental basis - ease of walking out anytime. newer updates benefits. What you see is what you get - instant value addition and anytime signout.
	Fundamental different between application vs platform - users of your product usecase are different (technical or non-technical)
IQ - important to break the mould that people keep making for you. Like you are a VJ right - no, see I am actor - actor of that kind right? - no, see I do other films also - all throughout the vision remains - wanna do good films.
IQ - in private sector, make sure that you need adjustments to time so you work on what you want to work on.
	No time for framework even if sth doesn't work outta the box! - so adjust timings you record.
	Raised a ticket for X4 platform - estimated time 4 days - no work for 3 days (for his interests of work) and last day 1 hour, solved!
	If do it too fast you increase expectations. Too slow then a bad narrative - 4 day work, finish in 3.5 days and distribute it properly so even if finished first day - divide it evenly.
IQ - if you don't like to sit at desk and do the task, sit somewhere else and do it.
	if micromanagement sucks and discourages from acting, do the tasks nevertheless as if things were normal and take full responsibility of action. The problem lies with suckers in their expectations, normal distribution on work is bound to be there.
IQ - MMA - Misc
	21 mins on leave is too much- not really cuz bridge, leave request, mail creation, calendar booking a couple of tasks there - need to be complete
	Mails 19 mins is ok
	Lunch and snack 1hr + 20 mins is okayish
	16 mins on phone - ok 
IQ - so much attrition but if no addressing the concerns and addressing the symptoms of retaining the leavers and not addressing concerns who are tolerating is not a great stand - micro-management eb is facing.
IQ - giving Contribution to VA itself - like many apps - there is opportunity of work everywhere - follow scrum or agile in your every day and you opt out of it but system encourages, not forces you to follow scrum at your personal level.
IQ - war room gives environment of startup with headon targetting something so works very well.
IQ - Make her apply online and you give referral details in the portal.
IQ - dynamics of work is like war room - eb knows %age of complete system and eb collaborate (seniors give more than take, for eg) to get team job done.
IQ - Hackathon Culture - it is paramountly important that we approach seniors without hesitation on encountering a situation that you know no way out. 
	Spend a little time to figure it out but don't waste too much time there - the time here or opportunity here is to be veni vidi vici with the project.
	like with hackathons, it is like eb throws eth they know on the table to somehow solve the final problem at hand - speak up if you have anything (eb's mood) - finally the problem would be solved by a set of many possible ideas at every juncture - think of it as a graph of ideas where nodes are the situation you are in.
	the edges being the ideas that people throw at situation to solve it. We try and argue and finally EOD, we have a working piece which could not have worked with single man's effort.
	This is strikingly different from attitude of being powerful self - Oh! I can apply DP to some situation to solve some problem - vs try eth you have to give me whatever best you can.
	Bring ideas, documents, contributions to the table - I have empty CIP shall I ping it; etc.
IQ - MMA - separate Misc from NonOffice.
	Misc eventually has to go to some category.
IQ - Bad planning - no, you never say that until it is absolutely necessary - and rather than being judgmental say what should have been done instead of what is being done - this is safer than passing a judgment - messing with seniors is never a good idea - here it was not dangerous but Boss is always right attitude.
	Any inhibitor in your work should be escalated to management ASAP and not wait or workarounds - just do the changes.
IQ - Narratives for future - guided by
		Economics (external desires) - Giants, startups (it's fluctuating graph)
		Desires at present (work motivation) - DS, M.Tech Justice (misleading it can be - be mindful)
		Deserve (cumulation on cultivations) - DevOps + Tools (utility, use cases, architecture ability, innovation) - can be misleading - crypto, DS, GIS, OS all outta the box.
		Spiritual (Love story) - What's most favorable for DS practice.
			Stretch effort protocol
			What should I plan to ensure largest streak in DS (marathon run) (and others)
			Maybe wrong decision but intent => DS.
			How to maximize my service or contrib in current realm (material world)
		Ideal stand is desires + Inno + Prices (rewarding)
IQ - MMA - non-office - commonfloor and modes of payment study.
IQ - Execution Trace
	Creating new OBN navigation to bypass interim screen to reach the target screen for testing purpose (new field didn't work) so changed the event handler binding to make it work.
	Screen dump because of file name kept different from the xrep ui component file name. File Name corrected.
	Authorization maintained as per new file name.
	Screen loads but no data - porttype package and reference not loading the parameters so went for simple navigation - but the interim screen seems inevitable cuz the node id passed by source screen outport is different from expected inport node id in the target screen - the exit class on interim screen seems inevitable. Raised a bug for the same.
	Bug response came on how to create the exit class.
IQ - MMA - EP took so much time, the problem being not got the hang of it - and some preconditions not met and busy wait for the status to change.
	mistakes like EP process without hotfix in proper status. can't remove the systems in wrong status.
	Attended summit slowed me down - but that's within the scope of workday.
IQ - MMA - Misc - meeting and mails; NonOffice - work and call and deliberation from it.
IQ - asked to test the UI changes - look beyond story into FOE. Also, check the completeness of steps for that story and also sufficiency - why some more change is being done.
IQ - BYD - never change your working directory to test a working example - it is simply wastage of time.
	have another local repo which is for an alternate testing or studying a working eg and comparing.
IQ - 1 expectation from MMA is ability to specify how much time every types of work you do takes. Leaving thinking apart. So be as granular as desirable.
IQ - validity may get over. Just a way to scare.
	Recruited narrative - buyout for a little remaining or after coming back or no vacations compulsion and end it with us. But works! Hard work after coming back or straight away if buyout.
	Not Recruited narrative - Finished with Samsung and some lessons to learn. Some impact on current office proceedings given that they already suspect it.
	Postponed narrative - When I come back we start with new story in the making - possibility of R&D work over there.
	Lost Opportunity Narrative - At least I did justice to my current work and didn't compromise there.
	What narrative do I believe in and which one clusters the most with my belief system - I make absolutely no compromise with current work and learn while I am here and contribute as much as possible. I miss no opportunity at increasing my package and coming closer to my vision of CS Life. This pursuit doesn't make me compromise on PIES life at any fronteer.
	Yes it is clustering - not based on final outcome and not based on only current decision which can be affected by preyas or immature shreyas.
		the path which resembles closest - so least deviations and most corroboration so some sorta cost function or profit function there.
	More thoughts
		How does getting recruited during marriage phase affect the EQData life - New work always demands extra effort in terms of understanding architecture, tools, consultings, getting hang of management, etc.
		This means lots of fun during learning but duh! lesser time for EQData - so pressure, which is good for health in a sense. But getting stuck in current role or being cornered - is not an attractive proposal.
		My narrative as development in language only or using DS libraries is not up to the mark but is something.
IQ - don't bitch that things are not served on the platter - create the environment so that others have a great feeling of having platter for them.
IQ - DS has been around for 5 years so market is getting saturated - to really contribute takes some real knowledge but applications of DS that's not what CS masters talk about.
	people in industry really want you to have industry experience over it - so major in CS with electives of DS. Not many people really understand the stuff.
IQ - if stuck on an issue for some time keep escalating it on your hierarchy of technical or consulting expertise until you get a solution.
IQ - while install, build or start goes on, I can read some interesting articles to make system faster.
IQ - Yes, this phase is healthy cuz this will train me for what political shit and cooperation in spite of that and bad management, etc looks like so don't think this is for nothing.
IQ - work day consisting of 3 challenges and 1 adventure (exploration or innovation) in 4 slots (dynamic).
	every challenge consists of - foundational expertise (with homework or runtime), context setting (L1, L2, L3, etc), Betrayals (expected behavior didn't show up - standardize eth), retrospective for better next time.
IQ - 1 thing with pain is leverage from it and not make it just pass thru.
IQ - I am in no confusion regarding talent - see it is me who goes to architectural level to ensure a scenario works; it's me who does a temporary fix until they do; me who tells them where they are expected to make change and identify in advance how solution itself is a mistake (cascading of directory hardcoded). It's me who reaches till database table to find our there is duplication of instances and create a series of query that will rectify the problem in one go. It's me who delineates jira in sub-tasks properly to break down large chunk into smaller pieces and log work and even making MMA to ensure that I don't waste my time. So I am really doing the best a person can. Going to limits to ensure a thing works but in spite of all that if something doesn't I really don't give a dang. Of course I can do more homework. But try giving your best but not better than that is not required. Try to solve the problem from the root - something needs change - decide that in daily scrum - it can be as severe as changing line or as simple as changing team project story etc.
IQ - 9 hrs IQ; 7 hr sleep; 8 hrs EQ which includes foundation and SQ. I can think of separating Foundation as separate unit - conceptual study should come under foundation. Spirituality can be small but separate unit. The gradient descent happens over the foundation window and all the flexibility windows - all other time on NIC. At starting phase engr role is more of bachelor phase where you have mix of everything. But eventually you gravitate towards a very specific kinda role which becomes your ego; specialization or major etc. So I gave division mgr, consultant, arch, devp, tester, deployment team, support, etc. And these may have subcomponents and there are also fields outside of software but similar processes exist everywhere. Major within development can be sys, app, frameworks, data science at very high level but more specifically it can be front end, back end, data modeling, smart work, scale work, verticals of different application areas etc. So doing anything at expense of current work is never the point. It's make the way as you drive under the current road.
IQ - I am in no confusion regarding talent - see it is me who goes to architectural level to ensure a scenario works; it's me who does a temporary fix until they do; me who tells them where they are expected to make change and identify in advance how solution itself is a mistake (cascading of directory hardcoded). It's me who reaches till database table to find our there is duplication of instances and create a series of query that will rectify the problem in one go. It's me who delineates jira in sub-tasks properly to break down large chunk into smaller pieces and log work and even making MMA to ensure that I don't waste my time. So I am really doing the best a person can. Going to limits to ensure a thing works but in spite of all that if something doesn't I really don't give a dang. Of course I can do more homework. But try giving your best but not better than that is not required. Try to solve the problem from the root - something needs change - decide that in daily scrum - it can be as severe as changing line or as simple as changing team project story etc.
IQ - 9 hrs IQ; 7 hr sleep; 8 hrs EQ which includes foundation and SQ. I can think of separating Foundation as separate unit - conceptual study should come under foundation. Spirituality can be small but separate unit. The gradient descent happens over the foundation window and all the flexibility windows - all other time on NIC. At starting phase engr role is more of bachelor phase where you have mix of everything. But eventually you gravitate towards a very specific kinda role which becomes your ego; specialization or major etc. So I gave division mgr, consultant, arch, devp, tester, deployment team, support, etc. And these may have subcomponents and there are also fields outside of software but similar processes exist everywhere. Major within development can be sys, app, frameworks, data science at very high level but more specifically it can be front end, back end, data modeling, smart work, scale work, verticals of different application areas etc. So doing anything at expense of current work is never the point. It's make the way as you drive under the current road.
IQ - At bare minimum I can say I only care for exits to work outta the box if it doesn't I complain and work on something else and not probe into "maybe config ain't right" or "some bug is in framework" - which is ideal way of working but documentation not complete so we try to figure if there is config shortcoming or raising a bug with what the problem is. - just more smart approach that's all but approach in layered way. I really like smartness part of it so that's what I gravitate towards.
IQ - dev be like L1 equivalent D1 is clear. D2 is done and D3 should be planned and expectations of D2 work and D3 implemented and D2 carries out with D3's details. If it doesn't L3 takes over; nope some exit not getting hit? then L2 takes over in turn L1. Smartness means we are not just L2 dependent people we will get into L3 of L2 to find out configuration that can solve it or some patch that will test my scenario and give input to architecture team.
IQ - I am angry about feeling unplanned fear of facing people over consulting issues. This has to change. So, my decision should be to attend support call every single week - either as lead or as listener for gradient descent. So, expectation is that you will become expert at this - MBA kinda expertise at how businesses work and how BYD maps to it.
	this is the narrative that framework (transcendental and worldly) is being chosen for me. But what about its conflict with my decided specialization - don't mistake specialization with "only thing known" - specialization just means that that's the world I plan effort on. Other places are intended to make me really good at things.
	As an engineer you will jack of all trades - I am not saying master even though you will be able to answer all questions because taking full end to end responsibility of not "as built" but "building" it lies with those who are master of the craft. So, in other words you are aware of the mastery of other crafts but creating a craft mastery is with your own specialization.
		This different is quite similar to different between product management team and L1 support OR architecture team and L2 support. So, our understanding of architecture will not be just L2 level understanding but L3 extension of L2 so when exit doesn't work I find that out.
IQ - Great! Found out that I did not bring my headset. This is really lousy on my part but ensure that this doesn't repeat - see lack of willingness is far more serious than lack of knowledge resources. What I think is far more important than what world thinks and I think I am always available in service and such mistakes don't happen. The next stage lapse is not knowing required knowledge but that's next stage challenge not foremost. So, please take care from next time.
	you know the political problem with stating that with brutal honesty right. Yes I do but some situations it is unacceptable - here it was not that serious but coming to work without laptop or headset means absent mindedness. Not desirable.
	Just a suggestion - to make up for it - next week you should join the call no matter who is officially assigned - first this is a mature fear I choose. Second, get the habit of right thing - this has never happened before but that's fine. It can happen. This will in turn be important cuz I must take full responsibility of my work and new recruits look up to seniors for guidance.
IQ - Separate places for work
	Reflection by places 
		Plan Work - manager, scrum, etc in meeting room (mid-sized)
			One on one - huddle.
		Concept work - brainstorming sessions in the huddle room - all architectural understanding put to table here.
		Dev Effort Streak - at desk, our dedication and love towards our work.
		Others - war rooms for testing streaks, maintenance streaks, etc.
		Fun - our memorable conversations in the coffee corner, our laughter over the lunch table. Parties (personal and team lunches)
IQ - Bidding adieu
	what - where moving to.
		hard decision - to take up new challenges and start a new phase in my career for betterment.
	Gratitude - Managers, Mentors (seniors), colleagues (peers) solved problems together. Impact on life.
		not company but experience or journey - evolution or growth in corporate professional (wiser, decisive (customer value), talkative); learning industry.
		lessons learnt - unity and trust, opportunities, challenges; logical thinker and a better coder.
		learning technical as well as functional topics both in breadth & depth
		journey of product - growth, broken or recovery phase, etc.
		guidance, support and all the valuable feedback aiming at both professional and personal front.
		miss your enthusiasm, perseverance, the never say die spirit and talent you brought to group.
		people here at SAP have honestly been one of the best parts of working here.
	stay in touch by channels. Email, fb, linkedin, mobile, etc.
IQ - Some problems need a streak of effort for standardization like for cost distribution. 
	Anything less than that gives only rough idea - but 1 time streak effort adds that capability to your portfolio for all times to come.
	also you don't have to traverse the tree of logic in 1 go - can think of doing levelled traversal or scenario specific traversal and more FOE later on.
IQ - Work From Home
	Work from home checklist
	General Recommendations:
	1.    Please ensure your contact details are up to date on your People@SAP profile (including your mobile phone number)
	2.    Please update Skype settings to I want everyone to be able to see my presence.
	3.    In line with the clean desk and security policy, all employees are asked to take the relevant steps to ensure all confidential material and files are securely stored away.
	4.   Global password can be changed preferably on office LAN. Please change the password at the earliest if you are already receiving expiry notification. But it is possible to change your office laptop to F5 VPN or connecting to WTS.
	5.    VPN (F5 Big-IP Edge client) should only be used if you need to access specific SAP tools/systems
	6.    In the case of a laptop failure, WTS can be used on a personal device (SecurID passcode needed)
	7.    If you have received notification about the expiration of the RSA hard token, please install soft token on your SAP mobile immediately. 
	8.    For any questions, you can get support online via itsupport.sap.com or get in touch with local IT.
	9.    Additional information is available here at The biggest working from home exercise may have just begun
	10. Q : Can I go to my hometown and work from there?
		  A : We do not recommend our employees to travel from one place to other unless it is absolutely critical. The more travel means more probability of getting COVID19.
	Basic infrastructure Check:
	1.      Ensure you have SAP Issued Laptop or Workstations which includes
	a)    WTS enabled
	b)    All necessary CAM profile Approved
	c)    BIGIP Edge Client installed
	d)    Skype/Microsoft Teams installed
	2.    Dedicated Internet Connectivity with minimum 2 MBPS of bandwidth (if you are need of a dongle  please do request for the same)
	3.   RSA Token (Hard or Soft token)
	4.   Mobile phone with International Calling enabled
	5.   Food, Beverages, medicines and other basic supplies
	6.   VPN connection: Due to a surge in Work from Home, the VPN may experience slower connection speeds, In such cases please try to connect to some other instance of VPN. Palo Alto and Waldorf VPN have issued extra licenses and these networks might provide better bandwidth
IQ - Tickets still going up - I thought COVID will reduce the influx but they are very dedicated customer.
IQ - all time consumed by ensuring the bridge to reach my implementation was not working and how to make it work - alternate path and turns out implementation was fine - so all this time could be saved.
IQ - always read the code like reading a text first and then standardize some time for future refs. Don't start with arch immediately.
IQ - Ideally, I should be very clear how do I deal with premise not behaving as expected.
IQ - during the day if you encountered any concern, at whatever level (hard study, exploration needed, hello world missing), that gains first priority after the day.
	next, priority should be towards your foreseeing the needs and that study. This also competes with your future wants or concerns.
IQ - Levels of work - we need to have time for all of the following:
	Hard Study of core concepts
	Regex or Hello World or POC or standardizations
	Specifics Study, Exploration of what's done (or as-built), state of art
	Problem Solving, Projects, case studies, Innovations
IQ - always have a couple of tasks at hand so that when 1 gets stuck in I/O, other can resume with context switch.
IQ - Network in UI for req resp - can learn from youngers - should have known long back - these're abstract master => compromised concrete master and transactions.
IQ - Do what can be done right now
	always in learning mode ain't good - how to switch to other desktop? there is 1 way you know - you are looking for a better way but people won't know that - they will say that you don't know simple stuff.
	Standardize the simple shit - like where you can see manager of a person - in skype properties.
	make data model for paint, outlook, etc - to be able to tell what's possible and what's not - you gotta know you capabilities.
IQ - Focus on becoming champion of your niche and gradually progress towards other roads with passage of time.
	don't start with bottom up approach of knowing everything present in the city.
	so, development will happen in terms of your exit points given by framework - focus on interface!!
	even for solving tickets, ensure at your layer that output is what is expected in terms of interface - justice is done.
	take problem to where in eco it was not as was expected! Ticket solves is a dissatisfaction trail from root (user experience) to leaf (a line of change of code)
		find message class and number using technical information in silverlight. 
			See if eco class invokes this message ever (not necessary - it can be proxy for bo message)
			Or it could be coming from mapping in transaction - MSGM_MAPPING_CTXT
			this message information could also be obtained using CM_ESI_T100 debugger.
				message details - id, no, attribs, severity type
				origin location - node and node_id and attrib of bo
				lt_message_ex of CL_MSGM_ENGINE can reveal mapping with bo message entry OR use CM_ESI_ROOT instead (which is overriding part, T100 being original message)
		CM_ESI_ROOT
			Find Message class and number using message object and se24 use where-used list.
			which all places this message is being called, 1 of them is valid for our scenario, backtrace to find out the root cause.
					There is also a facility to write trace visible here.
					2 places this message id and no are being invokes - go check where those message attribs are used like cm_value_overrun (select text and where used list again, can use find in se24 also for a given class)
			Invoke the message thru same scenario, 
	shortcut to message creation location and follow the trail from identifiable spots.
		identify what was reason that message had to be raised - backtrack to the problem!
		remember the traversed path or include that as a part of model.
IQ - don't get hung up on what should be done - do just any dang thing as per your judgment. You figure it out if not known but don't get hung up man.
	it's always in there some button, some link, some dropdown - something will do it.
	but you should be able to account for your actions.
IQ - Sampath so many abbreviations, reports, transaction codes, Systems, UI and debugging tips and tricks - created a notebook and invited all new joinees to contribute to that.
	brilliant piece of idea - and all new joinees can also be handed over this doc.
IQ - outta work so strong foundation that you don't need security from company. Inside work so strong that you can be one man army.
	every assertion should be logically valid and open for trade-offs discussions but no illogical assertion and will to make product the best.
	Of course, seniors can escape the argument with scapegoat but logically I never get defeated. eb enters into argument to win but logic should run the show not individual wins - so yes, broad-minded logical fights should be a welcome. for scapegoats if they are wrong, they will very soon know and you can remind them that.
	Every fortnight there should be some prototype for making things run better. If don't know specifics assume them and go on.
	Display of power - that's just being jerk. Should be avoided for more constructive things.
	In personal space do the needful - if something fell short during the day, pick other thread of work. If done with all threads, finish the day and do the homework to be able to do justice to the pending threads the next day - it is really simple algorithm but so important to follow.
IQ - Staying quiet while in meeting means you don't have willingness of idea to contribute to the final outcome. But being tech, you should be bursting with ideas and validating others, improving others and what not.
IQ - ask 
	weekeend support accomodated later. 
	Should friday count - well apply and if it doesn't you will know.
IQ - Teams - Name of team meaningful for others to understand.
	create team from Office 365 group or team group existing or from scratch.
	creating team - creates 365 group, sharepoint site created and added to your team. Add member now or later.
	Create topics, channels, channel has post, file, chat.
	moderators for announcements, reducing noise from channels.
	manage teams - CRUD members. Can make someone team owner when you ain't there.
	Inform reviewer without bothering e1 in team. @reviewers.
	250 members per team for now.
	Apps from 3rd party supported.
IQ - Never change the same repository for npm install thereby wasting all the effort spend on building it 
	switching branches within a repo can be done with stashing on git but changing x4 version - that's like killing all your effort.
IQ - trouble that even after solving so many problems you don't get any sense of achievement that's bad company culture. It gives dissatisfaction in work.
	this may happen cuz there is too much on the plate and focus always goes on what's missing than what's done.
	when talking about work is significantly larger than work itself. Yes, no talk is one extreme and too much talk is another. Scrum is quick updates and problem solving other colleagues are facing and move on to next challenge. Of course, a problem exists, solve it efstoon.
	multiple stake holders quality manager, maintenance manager, dev manager - all stakeholders will claim things on high prio - all want their work done but that's one thing we learn at college - how to balance work across subjects and demanding professors.
	Morning evening updates and no time to focus on deep problems
	solving a tough problem in 3 days gives you as much credit as simple problem solved in 1 day. So giving some hue and cry for solving tough problem and then solving it is 1 important thing to art of work.
IQ
	Stakeholders - forcing work we want it - cuz love should eventually become platform.
	work should not be feel driven - do it anyway cuz they are not the drivers but only the inputs which should be seen that way.
	Top down and bottom up should move together. Both are immature but svadhyaya merges the 2 in mature way.
		Top down is Krishna wants it but don't see straight forward worldly laws. Like Delhi satsang of muslims and not attention to married life, etc.
		Bottom up thinking that it's all in all.
	Do it anyway - lousy execution is better than no exection.
IQ - SAP Coaching - Concerns
	Interest in tech but getting into all functional stuffs. Like architecture stuff.
	Want to do innovations and even come up with ideas but daily work schedules don't permit me do that - any suggestions there.
	any general guidance on career 
		Confusions - sometimes ok with business analytics, some times no I wanna stick with programming in DevOps space. Other times enthused with cloud.
		I have done courses on ML etc and really wanna do justice to them but in proper evolutionary way.
	btw I read your article - very well articulated and view of all dimensions to consider. Also indications for performance improvements also I liked.
	Not advise but reflections or explorations.
IQ - BYD - Role and Responsibilities
	Manager - ??? Managing people related tasks but I want very specific details like following.
	Product Owner
		Backlog - Work with various stakeholders for a comprehensive backlog.
		roadmap priorities - Build the prioritized product roadmap for the team.
		feasibility and concerns - Ensure overall feasibility of the teams backlogs , completeness of backlog highlight issues, concerns early on.
		final product testing - Ensure quality of backlog deliverable via exhaustive code reviews, thorough testing and automates.
		Sync with team - Lead by example . Explain the product backlog with right granularity and prioritization.
		arch collaborate - Work closely with team architect on estimations.
	Architect
		Collaboration for central arch - Work with central architecture team as and when needed to contribute to central org level backlogs.
		Team backlog evaluate and effort estimate - Responsible to technically evaluate the team backlog by actively participating in backlog discussions with all stakeholders and help in estimations.
		Teams concerns (future or present) and tech resources completeness (dependability) - Ensure any performance/other technical issues are highlighted early on. Solutions are found on time.
		Sync with team - Lead by example . Guide the team on technical aspects.
		Code reviews - Carry out exhaustive code reviews , thorough testing and automates.
	Scrum Master
		meetings - Ensure timely scrum meetings stand ups, review, retrospections etc.
		concern escalations - Ensure that teams views are heard , collated and documented during sprint review, retrospection meetings and follow up on the action items.
		Solutions - blocker solutions (during or after meeting [escalations]? follow ups) - Ensure timely resolution of blockers .
		Scrum Sheets - JIRA tool ensure - Facilitate team updates via JIRA and any other tool as expected by the management
	Q-POC
		Team sync - Point of contact for Q activities in the team
			While being the facilitators they are not solely responsible for Q activities (its a team responsibilities)
		Team representative in Q Meetings - Will act as the primary contact on teams behalf & distribute workload which needs to be shared by all.
IQ - Appreciation in terms of - experience, expertise, ramped up quickly, past work experience, Always ready to try out different things, innovative, enthusiasm and vigor, deep knowledge, 
IQ - Joke - Are your marriage dates finalized - even lockdown closing dates not finalized - so what's with it - story will move to next sprint but not decommitted - can't be.
IQ - There is lots of money in shares. Resistance on top and some minima - you make money when you can predict the movement - below to top - buy and sell. Top to bottom - sell and then buy later (you are obligated to buy in specific time) - the worth of company doesn't go anywhere with COVID - some companies like ONGC ain't going anywhere - just that people invest emotionally and not rationally.
IQ - heads up in the beginning vs wait for e1 to give update and then tell all your updates were bogus cuz we will push latest architectural changes and e1 needs to take that pull.
	Even the effort of config creations for business logic got wasted but well you got learnings from there - didn't you.
IQ - SAP Career Canvas
	Thought flow
		Introduce yourself and know them.
		Generic - 
			Guidance - Career advice in general that you think a newcomes must know or you think one should know during formative years.
			guidance on specifics choosing - future tracks criteria or basis.
		Philosophical - wide vs deep. Losing out of efforts put in some direction.
		Cultural - how welcoming teams are for horizontal change - how to prepare for them like for ML, etc.
			Importance of office politics - visibility is important.
		Psychological - Emotional attachment to the team - sometimes it seems that lots of injustice to leave the team at critical juncture.
		Funny - COVID effects.
	First Discussion
		What is important but more than that - how?
		Networking - do others apart from your own manager know you - visibility - networking is so important - not just thru portal but outside of it also recruitment happens
			they look for right mindset and also learning aptitude. Apt state of mind to start contributing.
			Take up some projects to showcase.
			Do homework b4 presenting an idea - even informally discuss it with colleagues or "mentors" (people you adore at workplace - keep taking guidance from them) b4 showcasing the idea.
				negotiation becomes important once you are on stage - not just goodness of idea but also personal envy, jealosy but logically make your point strongly. Proposal but strongly present it.
			Salary hike for horizontal movement across company. Within you get same culture and probation period to get aboard and easy navigation to different work demands (tech, specialisation). Vertical growth by not changing - those people also see lots of evolution of architectural ideas so they also grow but monotony so not many like it.
			Make your desires known to you manager and showcase your ideas out there - networking.
				blue project.
				people may not necessarily be against you. Just your idea - see the separation and talk very logically there. Do some homework.
		1 very important point in formative years is don't see you job in a shell - my work and I finished it - see the resume. See the learning it gives you. See how you grew thru that experience.
		Architecture - I like seeing the larger picture of the product. She also pushed me in the direction of ML - see if something can be done. Get in touch with archs whose sometime presentation you liked or idea hit you. Get in touch with them and try to contribute to them outside of your work hours - they will obviously welcome it.
		wasted effort? - not really, every new project is different and similar - even small changes require adaptation and new ramp up is required on concrete and specific project details so quickly adapt. Many similar eg of your choice train you well in that direction.
	Another Discussion
		grow wide in the formative years - get to know things wide and then deep. That helps you get a base and then grow.
		Having an objection and then confronting it may not be to people's liking - SAP has strong importance to networking. So, good you thought about it - depends on work culture - if permitted then go ahead and if not, then personally discuss to solve it.
		Research Engg - We set our boundaries; what's stopping you - do POC and if you manage to make it into backlog, you have succeeded.
			Even without it, you got practicals of your technical expertize (practical from theory) and you got your POC afloat for people to talk about possibilities and your presence.
			it runs as parallel impeding thread while both threads are important and helpful.
			Most of the research - product and innovation (PnI) are based in US, Germany and Singapore - where you standardize on which tech best suits our needs and demands.
			RnD is very open ended and you can think score of things - so think papers, patents; parallel work there or full time work. Or products for internal use or innovation at SAP or PnI for techs to be used by different products (like Siemens).
		how to ensure you don't get restricted - lots of POC in personal space and showcasing, events like hackathon at least once a year.
		Informally keep making mentors along your journey and people happily comply.
		Like Architect there is development expert role in SAP - it runs parallel - but more isolated and not deciding for the team but contributing more yourself in techs.
		Your career is what you make of it - it's entirely in your hands.
	Third Discussion
		Just to set context first - did you start with consulting itself or got there.
			Infy bored to MBA then ICG (Consulting Group) - MM academy from SAP etc and then learnt it all on work. Money customer send - so they believe world should be known to you - some assignment and then practical world.
		How to prepare for new role - networking, assignments in the new team.
			SAP - so many role so transitions are possible - movement is not tough.
			Only Directly applying to the role is not the best approach. With some reference (hiring manager was referred by someone he knew) or networking (hiring manager knows you), it works like charm.
			Regional head of APJ - heading consulting at that time - S4Hana leading and new team so would like to have him in the team. Based on people you know, you get opportunity. So whatever you do, do it to best of your abilities. They will know you for the work you do (did or done)
			Always customer in center and do work to best of your ability. How to create an impact that customer starts notice you. And you get recognition.
		changing team seems like injustice.
			No1 is indispensible at work - maybe pain for a short while like week or so and then gone.
			get over this illusion
			turbulence for short time only - plan it out - participate in other activities outside of current. CEO left this week - so who is indispensible? Nobody will stop you.
		helping biz of just function intel.
			I am in product management and not in consulting anymore.
			help business run better. Their problems or challenges - how functioning can help them - work around it, their core problem solved not just software working.
			We don't know it all but find it out along the way. Ask people and connect the dots. Customer knows less and We know lots more but a portion of complete whole. So we grow in the process.
			Consulting if you like the problem solving of customer - functional consultant and technical - tech guy also codes to solve the customer's problem. Eg - should we start selling candies from the winter in New York.
			Funtional - business process; tech - abap, languages, integration frameworks, extensibility. Project works when all of them collaborate.
			Thrill of solving a problem to customer - love to travel and locations, interact with different people, learning open window and fast paced envt - manage your stakeholders cuz we don't know it all - we know some, customer knows very little - know what she wants and use your network to find best solution for customer.
		General guidance - 
			Do work to best of your ability (the impact matters)
			be open to new opportunity and not just day today work - something or other is always coming; Oh, I don't know so much. 
				Conference - SAP offerings in this space, BYD is just one of them - SME also has other parts - maybe someone else will take it - leverage these and slog in preparation time and avenues open.
			Networking - extroverts just talk around. Let work speak for us. Participate in initiatives. Impress people by work.
			Keep Customer in mind - priorities based on that.
		Wanna talk about tracks - growth, career possibilities at SAP.
		POCs gonna be adopted by products - no, by customers.
			customer already using product - we propose how to extend the product.
			KPI is driven by S4Hana Customer - on premise and cloud.
			Increase adoption of Intelligent technologies - RPA (Robotics and Process Automation) - a different product - S4Hana customers and tell them the value of it - free trial register. Services stand point we will help you deploy standard usecases and custom usecases - explore if you like then adopt it.
			We are not alone in this process - sales, services, product side - all together carry this program forward - POC and trial period and then purchase.
			POC is customer driven - yes both ways - S4Hana 50-60 scenarios of RPA - procurement, etc - standard usecases and educate them - how easy it is deploy finance usecase, procurement usecase; any custom usecase we will help you with that.
			Javascript we use for RPA bots. Reach out to me sometime after lockdown - your location is there on skype right, cool.
IQ - KT and then reverse KT the next day to ensure you understood it well.
IQ - why ask Karthik for a change
	cuz so many scenarios that you don't wanna break others - of course, testing of different granularities but scenario coverage is very important.
	solution - list down all the scenarios and get approval from senior - then make changes absolutely freely just ensure that those listed scenarios don't break - that's all.
		of course, theoretically but also practically - cuz so many customers and stakes for all of them - so mistake should not move to their system.
IQ - how many songs possible - for every recognizable time unit there can be any of distinctive frequency imagine how many permutations. But there has to be pattern for symphony and patterns - like modularization and demodularization (MODEM) - eg - flute and drums interplay - there should be repetitive pattern that's likeable - also time separation so 0 in time units is possible. It's infinite possibilities.
	songs with stylish visualizations (Computer Graphics, DIP) - Image pulsating up and down or mild movements or priliminary DIP; CG - some like source for emitting rays or circles with separation giving perception of ray with speed controlled by bass, trebles of song. up and down of scales or oscillation spring like; 2 rods oscillations and also rotating, etc.
	pulsating circle in the center - circle giving perception of sphere using dots separation.
	colored wave, lighting changes.
	bubbles from centered to outside - no pattern - using random or make a complicated pattern.
	circle - with perpendiculars to tangents from all sides - all variants, different colors, widths, pin tangents, different lengths of perpendiculars (random lengths), etc.
	All of this is like using CG and DIP as art form - meant for artist with primary tools given by computer architects community for video and audio making.
	Image itself can be made using some photoshop software so very active DIP, CG, etc. CG low level programming vs libraries to make on top of - video games are also made using this layering concept - at very high level, you don't take care of low level details - but map buttons to capabilities and geographical layout and leverage gravity, etc features of scientific computing.
	DNA or sharp edges DNA - line segments moving in either directions.
	Triangle concentric - a set of line segments moving in either directions.
	Status completed bar rising and falling.
	Combinations of the above.
	Screen showing train - 1 coach for video and another coach for subtitles or lyrics.
IQ - Real world architectural discussions involving PO, Arch, Senior Devp, etc involve all High level and low level designing - UML and Algorithm and all combinations coverages for decision tree (Logic table for them), Code reviews - so much so that coding becomes almost trivialized so eventually that sophisticated knowledge counts far more than ability to code the ideas.
	During discussions, it's interplay of how e1 contributes to a final result 
		so every individual contribution is like an assertion (expressed with brevity) which does value addition to final result and others should ACK that 
		if they don't there will be args in the start transition diagram where substitutes will be discussed which also you should be open to.
		if 7 denies your ideas too much then that also gives them bad reputation but voicing ideas, showcasing POC, etc are somethings that should never stop. That's proof of bhakti.
		From worth perspective just voicing your opinion for betterment of product (let alone discussion lead (guiding the flow), etc) proves bhakti and gives you credits.
		giving bad ideas continuously make implicit bad reputation or making bad (spurious) assertions also. So, if 7 points a wrong assertion not its wrong impact of product but assertion itself then you should qualify your assertion in the premise you assumed. If you were wrong, then that's an input for your improvement - can even accept a mistake.
		compliment others if a valid or desirable contribution thru an assertion is made. So, not masking your spontaneity but controlling and channeling it - that's all.
IQ - A general broker app - Just declaring to the universe that I need parking space and willing to pay up to 500 or just get me talking - Another person in universe, willing to offer it - some general constrainst like closeness of GPS locations, then our broker space can bring these candidates together or propose them. Quikr is for products resell. Here it can be product, service, etc - general broker - turns out I don't wanna make such a thing that jeopardizes the interests of large population in general.
IQ - Innvent
	Goliaths - tipping point book. Kodak lost camera market.
	Innovation and entrepreneurial employees.
	what makes venture successful - 
		perfect team (complement each other) - brotherhood for future.
		burning problem - 1 hr to save planets - 59 mins defining problems, 1 min for solving it.
			3 hr brainstorming which changes the world. Lots of ideas come up - are they impactful. With few constraints - it works better.
			Find real RCA of problem and solve that.
		right timing - Bill Gross Ted Talk -
			Timing is single big reason for success. Luck but not necessarily. 
			Uber succeeded cuz GPS in place. Economically drivers became ready. Regular stable income they wanted. More open to other people sitting next to us.
		competitive advantage - attribute to outperform. More customers and market shares.
			what aspects of SAP can you leverage. PB of data, so many customers, etc.
			SAP should be interested in investing in you. What you have that outsiders not have - why not acquire them instead of you.
		great product
			value proposition to the world - exceeds people's expectations.
			is your solution 10x better than what already exists.
			I wanna do sth to I have done sth.
	Time line - Your Startup Odyssey
		May 14 - 31 - Submit idea
			no judgment - questionnaire - problem solved, affected people, etc.
		Jun 1 - Jul 17 - Innvent startup school.
			Milestone, problem size, intelligent technologies at SAP, etc.
		Jul 20 - 24 - Innvent Startup school pitch week and evaluation.
			pitch to stakeholders - invest on you or not. Customers, jury members, etc.
			180+ members to guide.
			Scoring and evaluation but no elimination round b4 this but this round has elimination on presentations to Jury.
			Base camp - how to meet customers - how to present to customers.
		Jul 27-31 - finale week
			Final selection of top teams.
	Challenge spaces
		Social Challenges - 1 B Lives., poverty, equalities.
		Venture Challenges - intrapreneurship.
		Operational Challenges - Smart office.
		Customer Challenges - customer success with intelligent enterprise.
	Startup school
		Problem space exploration
		Build the right product
		Science behind startup - hypotheses testing.
		Customer discovery - how talk to customers.
		Study the market - money in area.
		Launch the product - business challenge address.
		product story
		pitch perfect
	Startup school Resources - Curated curriculum, practice exercises, master classes, access to mentors, startup CEO talks, weekly milestones.
	Guidance - 
		leverage SAP blue for members, 
		Who owns IP (You and SAP), 
		we can guide but you are drivers, 
		choose any domain (food, fashion, etc), 
		scope is India only, 
		10x betterness later just put in your idea first, 
		SAP would invest in for existing customers - 500000 customers is a huge base.. and they problem they face is what typically any business would face so pitch in for any business success idea. 
		focused only on B2B or it encourages in B2C as well
IQ - Reading documentation during the day - well, need basis and little bit here and there but sequential can be in 2 hr window.
	even not need based - you can read relevant parts when working on some stories.
	all documentation links that get sent as part of email can be read right there and then as part of office time.
IQ - How business grows (SAP ERP MBA Business Startups all into same cluster)
	Yes idea to manufacture - so that's class of manufacture and then production and instances start getting created - at any stage, it is difficult to manage internal SCM alone so recruit people on salary or shares (SCM work hierarchy comes in, HR to manage such employees). External SCM can be a challenge alone so recruit them for Sales representatives and also purchase guys (also look at leads creation, marketing, RFQ, Quotes, Contracts - that's like abstract work and concrete works - carrying out PO, SO in the system).
	If you have money crunch then like many startups, you look for investors who in greed of expected future rewards, give you money in exchange of shares of your company. Company cake swells and so does their share.
	Most startups start with that ambition to have not 100% stakes (distributed bets => safety) and then many allow themselves to be acquired later point so they become subservient to commands from top but reward being that their shares or valuation suddenly rises to sky.
IQ - SAP - TechNxt - Paper submission - cloning of a supply chain business process using stalker bots-2020
	Abstract has been selected. Now submit full technical paper by this date.
	will be followed by the selection of the Top Papers to be presented at techNxt Technical Conference
	SAP offering OPTIONAL topic-specific mentorship (for details, technical support from experts). Technical buddy is already assigned to you.
	Idea must be "BYD on bots" which had already seen some POC from different guys like Maruti Sir (in SVB Demo team also).
IQ - our associations are of all types BKVS, so gradient descent keeps happening for us in along all dimensions so in current times we evolve in multiple ways unlike past. To be frank, the whole varna efforts are also too bloated cuz of MOP in Kali.
IQ - Discussion - Mars Mission of India - work like that - minimal fuel and change the orbit to another planet - do business like that.
	Probability of success is high if you are determined - r attempts - to succeed in 1 of them - 1 - (1-p)^(r-1) - if p is reasonably high, after r attempts probability is really high.
	E-Governance - problem is favoritism and they won't allow restrictions on their free will (to exploit or to exercise their power in customizations or exits).
		not automated or islands of systems and high level drilling down thru all systems is still missing.
IQ Discussions
	HIV gene is reducing to 70% clearing then population moarkov model - 1st bit for %age population that gets it thru apriori priobability and 2nd bit for 0 for not immune and 1 for immune - 2nd it 1s all get free so remaining 30% are valued by apriori probability of < 30%
	if illicit indulgence the mapping graph from A -> B and look for favorable and unfavorable combinations. They can have >1 illicit relations and n-some behaviors.
	antibodies - test more proper - antibodies then collected but no impact so more optimistic numbers that they didn't contact disease but had antibodies so adapted very quickly.
	natural selection of virus - strong ones survive - probs of Hitler.
	Imandari over BB instant - dispenser - bezati - at least do bank hack 
		remained open and not showing in aisle (empty) - so could take it out - camera fitted - once it said looks like u didn't pick - honest so denied.
	assertion - we ca'nt transfer antibodies else injection in infancy must be there.
	Virus program that makes cell replicate itself.
	statistics vs maths model - our understanding of bottom up biological taxonomy is not very deterministic mathematically so gotta rely on stats for proofs in current times.
		although stats way of hypothesis testing can mislead or misguide - 5% error margin - how much error range debate, lifetime study, play god so scope of harm not under study but only the benefit.
IQ - ROI - I will give my time (explicit about it or implicit).
	Models to make money - land, stock, competence + character - 1 of top college guys later from 1 of top electronics company b4 but started business with only intent to eat up investers money.
	Diversification - even in job. Jack of all trade. Master of some.
	I invest in all competitors - eg - if ecommerce is going up - I will invest in all of them and keep it market aware.
	Repetition movies - business model - scripts abstractions - as same - Jolly LLB sequel.
IQ - Mayank Talks - Mistake - I didn't get it - say it if you need them to repeat to understand. Here I already knew the thing to understand was cheap; perception was on capability; I didn't even need it.
	Solution - Reduce the frame to ur needs. Stop him - my only question is ...- press hammer at the right place and to the point. "where are companies?" for eg.
	be brief and have capability to expand. That's the mantra. don't give away ur time to anyone - be it even CEO - it's really precious.
	My flaw was to point out ludicrous explanation - I don't care about it in Dhyan realm. Only getting my work done matters in first place then services and explicit services and also get accountability for it, why not.
	think win win . I need knowledge and some may nee dmoney, power etc - networking, etc - give them what they want - end of transaction on u should have more knowledge that's all.
	VA network the stronger, the more ur usecase as per ur caste gets serviced. Knowledge, power, economics, grats - illusion, pride, greed, lust - for all caste clusters. FDDL.
	So service is the key close to spiritual nature of self - the more u enjoy material world besides trans grace.
	what if my services get misused like 4 regs breaking - you don't discriminate at giving serices - u avoid when directly colossally gonna be misused - like selling knife to thief, dacoit or butcher. But indirect service is too much to control.
	I am in VA - cuz that's best for my evolution - Krishna speaking to you.
	VA is graph where you are a node and in Ashram you consume lots of services incoming edges and you give lots of services outgoing edges while peers are always served along with the edges. Suppliers, accounts, employees all stakeholders be happy for ur usecase.
IQ - Buffer of wealth - fruits from karma - consume + buffer + re-engagement (aka investment) - re engage will expand ur ability to serve and hence more of primary usecases.
IQ - engg is too simple or cheap a task for me - I should do  POC (or innowah) - arch extensions - casual arch improvement discussions or proposals and RnD (Helping whole community at large).
IQ - Supply Demand for everything - determines rates of things - this is where a businessman has to come in - 
	Demand > Supply - opportunity for biz. Supply non-existing then 1st man advantage and possibility of huge reward.
	Not all eggs in 1 basket - p be probability of success in in r times - 1 - (1-p)^(r-1) is probability of success in 1 of them - quite high = p + (1-p).p + (1-p)^2.p + ..
IQ - Love CS but call sth as shit cuz expect sth outta CS - that's desire platform 
	lover would find more about it and standardize - explore it, be adventurous.
IQ - don't say fallacy in the system, show it/ demonstrate it thru a code or sth - that way u know u're not outside of assumptions - it's a user situation. Ur credibility ain't in question.
	So, be a coder and model for eth - hello world for eth - even debugger demo can work but secondary.
	You say it is a bad code - it's an allegation - what changes do you propose is more important. Response ideally!
	Deleting SIV from system - immature step cuz you ignore message sent to accounting - in cover up, don't do things beyond thinking - cuz someone will have to pay for it; consult and ask - this is genuineness.
IQ - From Escalation I understood escalation from customer.
	Response - I am sorry if you misunderstood vs I am sorry if I could not convey it properly.
	escalate means become serious or intense - sure your issue became serious but not intense. Also means increased rapidly.
		whenever problem is being zoomed into it is becoming serious and we use this.
IQ - Giving code to anyone - please remove so many comments else it is not understandable and can't even be fixed.
	it was not readable - I am sorry you had to go thru that.
	didn't say - could have removed comments or that you didn't need the code - just why it was not being triggered - yes! but we don't correct the helper.
	Ensuring that familiarity doesn't breed contempt so be explicit about formal expectations from your fellow colleague.
IQ - Lila koile so suvistara.
	People like John Wick and are inspired and wanna spend more time on it - so games and comics got influenced by it. Some writing its origin story - this is the theme in material world also.
	That which is in demand should find more avenues and possibilities of engagements for the end users.
IQ - Polity - you don't correct seniors online, can correct an idea not senior - offline. 
	So, CRUD 
		Create (innovation, extensions) are most welcome. 
		Retrieve - referencing them is very rewarding. 
		Update - You don't update them online but offline update on idea is ok and acceptable. Delete is very serious. You don't override or delete their work effort - they will Delete - create strongest opposition for that. 
	All these suggestions are for comfortable life but not e1 wants it.
IQ - we can create an excel for tracking this.
IQ - Select easy kills when numbers matter.
	also select a system with more messages. Go thru all of the HC and identify easy kills and close them all in one go and no need to start n systems.
	go for application component to divide.
	It's difficult to dedicate time cuz eb busy with different things in 1 stretch.
	focus is on pattern - not fix if complicated then let it go. Tough kills to be avoided.
	In excel, we add customers - this customer is causing problem not maintaining some configs.
IQ - Evolution mindset is thinking incrementally in terms of engg, arch and scie.
	Whenever doing a task, more importantly note the process involved and even how process is implemented. Think what change does process need, how could you make process better for yourself or for others, can you extend the process for some improvement, or sheer extending process thru integration with other techs - all means arch.
	Eventually you gotta realize that there are ways to make a process or approach which are remarkable different not just tweeks - conferences help you a lot with this. If you realize there is an additional approach possible or a new use case or all the approaches can improve thru some way. OR flaws that all approaches suffer or taking advantage of 1 approach aspects in another, you move in the direction of research mindset or scientific sphere.
	So the central mantra is - how could it be done better - with everything 
		viz - doing task (app team discussion with arch team), making capabilities of tech (arch team with tech community).
IQ - Just engg thinking is too rudimentary. All tasks you do must roll up to all these mental stages for sure.
	For Arch, documentation reading is learning the abstract ideas (DMPM) of the product. Eg make us learn fast but this documentation takes us to arch view - the capabilities offered. This is very important for masters of tech.
	With every documentation, first question should be - how can we comply, how can we do a task best; the next question should be - how could they have done it better (more capabilities or different approach, different implementation DP algo Time complexity, etc).
	Imagine you go thru documentations of n products and there contrast compare and find deficiencies and talk about it, improve it. That's the next step.
	Most people don't know all these details but they manage to operate at research level - cuz it is about association - you associate with them, you take up tasks, you become like them without understanding full picture.
IQ - My take - on growth
	Engr (gets task done thru learning from training eg), sr engr (knows documentations, interfaces with arch, debugs sometimes), arch (makes framework implementations, corrects them, makes new features), sr arch (attends conferences, implements new papers, has ideas to make things better), researcher (contributes papers, patents, etc).
	Think of all sr of anything as interface with next level. It's not necessarily sequential cuz many undergraduates start writing papers - more of a aptitude.
IQ - Sorry, I did not get it vs Sorry, didn't get you (ask specific). Latter is politically correct, former is not.
	Compliance - it is not ideal that underscores over camelcase that you believe in but as per the culture, you adapt and propose things that really matter. Else people will point out such cheap things rather than crux.
IQ - never focus on content but intent and in terms of DMPM make the picture what a colleague wants to say.
IQ - Software ain't just about B2B services, Products, or B2C 
	Help people manage their Business ERP. Help people in their fun life, help people with tools for their business digitization - eg video making software, editors, etc 
	Any subject just exposes capabilities - in general software making means model real world in software paradigm and do problem solving thru the tools available, then comes ML - ability to learn functions (dependencies of data for future predictions), so forth 
	what you do with score of such capabilities for business - helping the world community thru a business model is limited by your innovation. Capability to identity object in image is here - now how to monetize it.
	many businesses make a world - not just a squaring program but a world of algebra (package - API or end user interfaces), etc. Geom, GIS, etc. NumPy - scientific computing package, etc. Some works on side of technical computer capability or some domain capability - same problem solving extended to different domains like ML applied to different world disciplines, etc.
	many students of these subjects become servers for somebody else's idea to serve the world community. Becoming a server in the community directed by 7's idea isn't sth cheap, btw.
	Monetizing it by becoming advocate just capabilities - teacher, professor, phd paper writing - is also possible as a fork.
IQ - All middlemen IT industries like Uber are just addressing supply and demand of a given topic.
IQ - He pointed out that something was discussed. Although my case was a little involved. It is important to point that out else it goes against that.
	His concern is legitimate that I don't listen to updates and heads up informations - which in one sense is serious.
		even updates should not be ignored, speak nothing of heads up or even roll out informations.
IQ - You survive in the realm of VA cuz you contribute somewhere (of course VA has trans's aspects in material realm so is important) but purely worldly perspective - you give something unique to society for which you are sponsored to live in society (to also of course consume the services and products of society).
	So, how would you like to contribute to society - this sacrifice for someone is also choosing to be exploited. 
	Would you like to contribute to society thru some common talents or unique talents that will serve a business (on salary or shares), probing a demand and trying your best to supply that, governing some working (social or business), digging into knowledge (dissemination, distribution and exploration).
IQ - all discussions are like collaboration of talented people to decide on sculpture democratically and manager observing who contributes how much to the sculpture.
	Most of the discussions are like distributed peer to peer - where e1 knows the stuff and minor give take but majorly what's overall best.
		sometimes like KT, KSM, etc - it is primarily client server - which very quickly accelerates to peer to peer.
		politics also happens at this front where sculpture is not the focus but somehow show to observers that I have more talent - like leave a person in middle helpless to make implicit statement that eb needs me. Another Eg - guiding a person as he does shit that e1 knows but that's cheap, yes. Taking focus from missing link in peer to peer to server to client - self styled assumptions that seeker doesn't know lotta shit.
		But add apt assertions whenever possible - yes, I got that; yes that I know; hit the missing link exclusively and not details (zoom back in from high level picture); changing the context - like I say I will help you I encountered exact situation (change situation like from my PC to his PC - change package - zoom in to problem faced and not allow repeatability to make a implicit assertions politically).
		so understanding things as they are, you should not mind (rather celebrate) collaborating with others on common goal for best overall results.
	1 person vs n persons on a sculpture - scale difference and clashes but ground rules then best outcome comes along with individual growth.
	Competition of BKVS - with other Persons (X vs Y), with other Corporate Houses (Jio vs Airtel), with ecosystem setups (India vs USA), with knowledge depths (Mr X vs Mr Y) - many benchmarks in market to compare at different levels (Degree, Moody's score, GDP, Revenues, Patents in their name, etc)
IQ - BYD - Emp - Manager handling 10 people is V (not by quality but numbers), Harish has 100 under him and 30/30 china, ireland under Chandan (K by number standard) - 150 under him.
	Juergen has handles many such VPs like Chandan - 18 such people (including some archs, etc) - 1500 under him.
	Thomas has 21 Juergen like people under him (but leaf nodes) - 1000+ under him. LOB head.
IQ - Ankit Jain
	what were the odds that my first day I will get to see you during lunch hours.
	Welsaar, JDA, oracle, MS - Sr Devp. 
	I have not checked with samsung - Clarifying is not desperate - asking is right. HR talk - promise on email; call. Dhobi ka kutta - if eth is right.
	MS - offer letter 1 day b4 - onboarding virtual. Ecoworld b4 ecospace. Exit formalities - guard will come - laptop. 
	Resignation acceptance. 
	Tuesday onboarding.
		setup. laptop coming. phone calls possible. So trainings can start - what work they do.
	I stopped checking cuz dhobi ka kutta - they won't do it.
	Reorg happening at top level - the higher you are, the more vulnerable it is. Yes but money exists in high levels? - yes but many company willing to offere really huge without high level vulnerabilities.
IQ - Conference
	Papers - unpublished, review by another conference or journal. state of the art. Author (Plagiarism), proofreading.
		length (6-8 pages, additional for refs), paper format, submission site.
	Tracks - DS, Computing technologies, Computational intelligence.
	important dates - submit, acceptance notification, camera ready paper, early registration, conference date.
	goal - bring together leading engr, researchers, academia from world to discuss novel theories, techs, apps in the area. featuring prominent plenary speakers, tech sessions.
	mentoring is cornerstone to strong innovation communities.
		idea to tech paper. guidance to participant authors, gain expertise in new tech, business, domain, mentoring.
		guidance to teams, on writing paper, motivation to give their best.
		Opportunity to mentor - establish yourself as subject matter expert.
	2020  IEEE International Conference on Signal Processing.
	International Conference for Emerging Technology (INCET 2020),Belgaum, Karnataka
	India Council Subsections Conference 2020
	IEEE Bangalore Humanitarian Technology Conference (B-HTC) 2020
	ICCCMLA 2020 Springer Conference, Goa
	INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE FOR INNOVATION IN TECHNOLOGY 2020
	International Conference on Data Science and Machine Learning Applications - ICDSMLA 2020
	POWERCON 2020 Conference 
	International Conference on Cybernetics, Cognition and Machine Learning Applications (ICCCMLA)
	2020 IEEE CO SPONSORED INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE FOR INNOVATION IN TECHNOLOGY
	2020  IEEE International Conference on Signal Processing, Communications and Computing (ICSPCC 2020)
IQ - MBA - Org Mgmt (SAP Focusses on all of them - so we have MBA folks manage their business - It is ?Baniya realm)
	General Management - learn a variety of management skills and perspectives
	International Management - all skills in international market - international context, preparing you to do business with people and organizations all over the world
	Strategy - how successful business decisions are made; you'll learn about business development, consulting, risk management, and planning
	Consulting (CONS - Biz Mgmt)
	Finance Leadership (FIN - Money Mgmt)
		Capital Market - a study in financial markets and portfolio management, with an emphasis on equity, bonds, foreign exchange and their various derivatives markets
	Entrepreneurship (Startup - eth mgmt from small but demanding scale)
	Marketing (CRM - Sales Mgmt)
	Operations Management (SCM - Movement Mgmt)
	IT or Technology Management (Data Mgmt - manage how data moves within companies, between them, and into the world)
	Human Resources (HR - People Mgmt)
	Biz Specifics - Health sector/Pharma/Biotech, Media/sports/entertainment, NGO, etc.
	More - some people specialize in disciplines and help giants work better (carriers of their processes), venture and start your business with all the processes learn in here.
		So, MBA is study for effective business but ownership can be with anybody.
IQ - FIN - macrotrends.net/stocks/charts/SAP/sap-se/stock-price-history
IQ - Usne keh diya hamne sun liya - that area was more affected so from his perspective it's all right.
	kahaan kahaan quarantine karoge. We are going so many places so only place we gotta compromise is ourselves.
	vehem ho jaata - milk lifafa we use, so many score of places - what do we know. Halwai, pandit, doodh dohane waala, pandit, so many places - just not exaggerated.
	ATM we go, etc - so many shops we go - difficult to stay safe.
IQ - Meetings - some terms
	No binary answer here, case by case basis. Now you have asked question for which I am gonna give lotta gyan (master data details - how it happens).
		ramp up period, cool down period. Wanted to give heads up on that.
	I didn't know what you'd say - well, what did you want - be outspoken with what you want and work for it head on even if it makes you vulnerable at least you had guts to face reality.
IQ - Analysis is reversing synthesis (real world observations) in terms of metadata dependencies and data domains with their interaction rules.
	Data Analytics means following logical flow of thought to infer something - within what available (descriptive - detail out what information already exists in data), something outside and unknown before (exploratory, hypothesis testing, queries - has changes in policy affected the accession rate of company; usecase based information excavation; charts support or substantiate your learning - personal learning not the machine learning - not machine has learnt rather you have learnt), predictive (future forecast, find missing values - ML, DS).
	Data science is coming up with a model based on hypothesis which can account for data. Linear dependency in linear regression is the hypothesis or similarly other "abstract models" are hypotheses and when put thru data they tell how well they are able to fit the data and accuracy tells how good that theory actually was.
		these abstract models also exist for unsupervised learning which become concrete with config and exit details in order to create "business data set" specific models. This concrete model is learnt. So these ML problems are already solved - what we are gonna do at industry is solve the problem instances.
IQ - yes we lose some reputation when suggestion is not up to the mark but as valuable inputs for thinking, you gain reputation in Bhakti and potential to contribute in near future. 
	Not giving suggestion is worse than giving bad one - cuz in the latter case there gradient descent but no improvement in the former. 
	Even from reputation perspective - 1 has more bhakti than other; more willingness to contribute; reputation of contributor affected a little bit but will get better for sure.
	So, congratulate yourself when you give a suggestion for improvement even if it turns out to be - not a great one.
	It is ok to make mistake cuz we are aspiring for perfection state and not are at perfection state. So natural state can leak out if not attentive at BJDK like chanting. Try your best but tolerate the cost function's high value.
	It is good but it will be shown to management so trying to help you. Questions will come at that stage.
IQ - BYD - Anywhere things are not perfect like from your side - changing the exposed service without information or untimely.
	Ask the service providers for a new requirement or expectation or change, etc.
	Go with the flow, troubleshooting steps - first,..
IQ - How to be very vocal in Daily Scrum for BYD - Payment Terms extend it to validations. Sapphire in evening. Postpone healthchecks for tomorrow.
IQ - Career Canvas - Startup no separation of concerns - e1 does every role - production, dev, etc.
	no policy to take care of employees - work => money.
	Authors for call - what can I do for you - thinking on feet - can you connect me to another author.
	Networking - I just talk to whoever I meet and they come back.
	1)life is short, live it to fullest, explore what you like, invest in reading what you like and also try reading what you dont like, for you dont know how life / future opens up. Be prepared... 2) Build your own team of mentors... 3) stay connected with people who really make life easy for you - security, housekeeping... it Matters.
	Focus - when don't need collaboration, then go to huddle room. White board meetings, music while programming.
IQ - SAP Talk - Drive backlog topic end to end. GDPR, Architectural support for 2 weeks. Progression this year planned. DevX. Maybe I will pick next week - not feel pushed.
	architecture - BAF Models, PL - 
	team - pressure - Hotfix and health checks - stop - 1-2 days a sprint.
	feedback for team - please give.
	GDPR - Courses - cuz LXP means expert in the team - check lynda, successmap and I will get you more.
IQ - Career Canvas - Security 
	vision is -> that's how things are going wrong or I can make them go wrong or take advantage of (thinking like a hacker) 
	to start with memory leaks assignment was very rewarding.
	hacking was appealing to him - phishing websites. Facebook used to get eb password in that time - just copy paste worked fine - this he did in 8th class.
	Cloud platform - low level scripting. Other stories that ain't for public platform.
	security is hacking to start with - many tools work just don't try in SAP network.
	Security testing - automated at surface. Penetration testing - companies who are specialized into it - malware analysis. Security devp.
	Hacking into sth as POC - much more knowledge. Security devp - devp tools writing scripts, security features in cloud platform, etc.
	a bug but how urgent is it needed to be fixed. Can it be exploited. #Exploring possibility of what can be done.
	Incident response - sth bad happen how to contain it.
	Security Architecture - thread modeling expert - software design and think how it could be exploited - entry points, attack path, gaps - planning for the war.
		If you can attend his this course, it's great. It happens at SAP.
	It could be a breach. How they managed - what data have they got - how to kick them out and how they would never come back again.
	Excel opening and system not working right - it's a virus. Bad virus - no1 will know about you if you are a great hacker.
	Attacker has a mindset - you have to be subtle at it.
	Building 5 in construction - how will you enter into it without anyone knowing - the mindset is important - curious - maybe dress like a builder.
		architect thinks how to make it and security architect - how can I break it down - where's the gap.
		#game theory - how to make most under strict constraints.
	SAP security - it's really big - central team. Product, operation, arch, physical security - all verticals.
		centralized, decentralized both models are there.
		same tech issue is risk for one team not for other - so security product expert to look at it.
	How to come to security line.
		What do you see
			wood is easier to break than tha lock - tells me no1 at home - rob this house.
			lockdown.
			seeing a situation and thinking how to do something bad - curiosity - that's what makes you eligible - not obvious ways to reach sw.
		brainstorming is technical term in security - new ways.
		tick tick tick for success in movies but real life failing and lots of reading and brainstorming. 50% time goes in reading. Lots of coding experience - PL doesn't matter.
		very niche skillset - thinking like a hacker.
		users, entry points, etc. This is what you think.
		Dev to know it all and how to use it like an evil.
	I want to do security testing for product - manager will be more than happy.
		JAM Page on security - I have done A,B,C what else - they can help you. Ask security team guides and they will be happy to help you out.
	there are more security tasks than people in SAP so don't worry.
	Kali Linux - don't do it - nice email from security team so don't do it.
	can't install on SAP laptops - do it on rasberry pie.
	backtrack was old name for kali - made for debian but loaded with penetration testing tool.
	SRI - software rating index - judge to install. While trying to exploit you also exploit your own system to others.
	don't go haywire with it.
	fellowships opportunities are there.
	entry barrier is not very high.
	worst case you get a no but average case you get networking.
	get in touch with security community near you. That's the best way.
	just lurk around and you can learn a lot by being around their discussions.
	Piece of paper - but useless if you can't tell difference between cross site scripting and forgery. What learning you get is far valuable.
IQ - My nature is I understand management principles and politics but I really not like seeing anarthas in people and people are not as deterministics as machines so that's also a challenge.
	So, why make career out of something that you don't like doing - just that you can is not enough you have to really like it.
	Cuz in order to pay the price when navigating is challenging or demanding then not liking the game is not a very favorable situation for growth in Varna.
IQ - Science, Commerce, Arts are called disciplines.
IQ - MBA (1st year common; 2nd year specialization)
	1st year - All Obvious ones + Communication + Economics + Organization behavior.
	HRM - 2nd year - Industrial Relations, Labor Law, HR Planning, Performance Mgmt, Wage determination, Mergers/Acquisitions, Service Sector HRM, Measuring HR, Labor Admin, Knowledge Management, etc.
IQ - MBA - FIN
	Employees (retention CTC, Relations), Training, Recruitment, Rewarding (compensation, appraisals - promote, demote; reward systems, OT, etc), Business Value, Success, Strategic Objectives (are company goals getting achieved or not), Org Development.
	Insight - Recruit (get right people - profile and post and budget; delegate, ads also inside it), Induction (First impression, Greet), Company Culture (Treat)
	More - dispute mgmt, Departments in sync, strike avoid - so that e1 motivated to contribute for company vision and not disaligned thereby giving bad performance, training education.
	More2 - Specific role assignment to specialize in. Salary management and leaves management.
	known for its work life balance.
IQ - Inspiration - Mukesh manager - take initiative and make changes if necessary. Friend also - mindset is initiative and if some problem, i will take full responsibility to solve it.
IQ - 4 hrs work and goli for 4 hrs. That's also an art - not e1 can.
IQ - Appreciation category - Celebrate, applaud, Thank you - Team player (social fun activities for team bonding - warm, friendly, cordial team envt), High productivity / performance, ramp up, positive attitude - role model, enthusiam, mentoring; appreciators to be appreciated.
IQ - Scrum - really listen and align with flow of discussion with the purpose and try to help it the best you can. Appreciate others if they contribute well to the final purpose of the meeting.
	ask questions to understand why they made certain decisions that itself is a great welcome and aligns you with the team.
	Think of it as dhyan multiplied - instead of you thinking about the object of dhyan alone, many people do it together for correctness and completeness assured.
	showcasing your presentations for inputs from others for improvement. Asking anything you feel I might have missed for ppt that should be added - future scope I will add later.
IQ - If senior corrects you after implementation, then why not ask them first before implementation. Also, saying to seniors that I already know something - may show some arrogance.
	you see it is simple! While you are at work place, such arrogance doesn't help anyways - the thing is to learn from them as much as possible and grow.
	the conceptions of seniority and all are only meant to help you with your growth and learning while you are workplace - there is no other interests with games at workplace.
IQ - I am here to break free bread - so to say - but really you contribute in most excellent way - think of colleagues as friends you will achieve things together with and grow together - don't see them as competitors or people we enjoy our work with.
	It's very simple - Can do, do it. Can't do, seek help. Somebody need help, extend it. That's it.
	Foundation layer is so important for varna (duh!)
IQ - Varna decision
	Fear - security - Market exists and will exist.
		It's dynamic, jobs not standardized but in high demand at present. But CS market exists and will exist - DS flavor is getting added to app devp.
	Desire - Most rewarding - you can contribute the most and the product contributes to market the most.
		wasted effort - the thing that you have spent most time on tends to your perfection.
	Duty - Stability - You can talk about work, have fun with other things and can standardize it. Less worries so as to focus on sth important.
		changing market and so need to keep in touch with journals.
	Love - You lose track of time - it's me you say.
		While doing the courses I saw DS as add on and that's what I really am at heart - CSLife. So, innovation + exploration with CS base.
	About - even when venturing to new field cuz of intense liking for it - let it consume you along with current work so that FDDL are met with new one.
IQ - I go to office for fun (love) - and not primarily for lower incentives - fear, desire, duty.
IQ - SAP Feedback - Mural Tool to add sticky notes for feedback on manager and Org.
	IQ - Zoom setting in, out and sideways - comment, chat, activity (who wrote what, drew what), outline (white board divided into sections to navigate), find.
	Export as pdf, pic, share, etc. Members, undo.
	Ask a member to be followed, Broadcast my cursor - don't bookmark my sticky notes with my name. Voting session. View is unique for everyone - go anywhere and read anything.
IQ - Meetings speak less cuz it doesn't serve a lot - keeping expectations low is best stand to take.
IQ - How does team change happen - talk to manager, involvement of HR, etc.
IQ - Get habit of arriving at domain principles or abstracts from implementation or already implemented - even for DS I/V - it is the abstract that matters. Eg - CDT z-based - how it works.
IQ - selfish if only concerned with your narrative or sume and not with company stories but I have served so many company stories so much so that they have become sales USP.
IQ - Innovation is highly valued cuz that increases the value of the product and takes it to next level like ML on products.
IQ - Career Canvas - Networking - Fear of approaching seniors - Hasso used to play football and made company one day - how open are they at final result - ask openly and make expectations clear. 
	Tech, Processes and people. 
	Porche - button press even if nth other than sound they do it. 
	Process is important there. Cutting edge tech at SAP in digital economy.
	Why events when we can send videos to stakeholders - well, cuz networking opportunities.
	Opportunity !=> Behavior but Behavior => Opportunity. 1 minute - discuss little bit and create appointment to talk in future and mostly people say yes other times, no but still success is high.
	Network means mutual trust and respect which needs to be earned. You get it when you help them when they are in need. Not just beginners need help, e1 needs it.
	Network --> Opportunity. Some are good at Getting information, some at interpreting, some at building friendship - all these people in your network => you can get a lot done.
	First impression is last impression? Strike conversation with person who has different perception about you? healthy debate would be my approach someone said.
		sometimes you get 1 chance but generally you get more. If meeting some CXO then 1st chance matters otherwise it keeps shaping.
		Many a times we have wrong notions. Party people are networking people - not really! Even reserved people can be excellent with networking.
	Virtual world so how network - How would you show intent. switched on camera. Really wants to know me - a few meetings and you know each other.
	This story takes me to 2008 - why are you center of party - e1 likes you - you work in company with billion dollars - so many calls, meetings, video calls - with which to do your work so that when in person, connect in person so that these mediums are useful. Many meetings are in coffee corner connecting with people who have come for me.
		Try to know each other little bit and you help them in the process.
	Advise your younger self - not born with building networks or free talks. Company invested trainings and money on me to learn sth - some money even in such sessions cuz person days involved. Learn 1 thing and implement.
		find someone you respect and ask them to mentor you. Maybe not like him cuz gives lotta work or so.
	Be yourself, what you are comes out. We are best friends cuz we initially hated each other but makes sense so reconciled.
	well if u have agenda then its not networking.
	Suggest a book
		well just not book but observing real people....just observe thing and ask ur self why they did this......sometimes it is wise to learn from others mistake.
		find inspiration in others rather than waiting for ur own..
		but this book "Who Moved My Cheese?"
IQ - Innvent - chatbot, Augmented reality view, etc.
IQ
	hobbies, festivals awareness for networking.
	Quick question solution - one to one plan a meeting.
	boundaries with loved ones - agreement like hours of availability etc.
	any activity with full attention.
	delegate or do it - find your hour work; is it < value per hour. Reinvest time on work. Do I enjoy it?
	8 hr - 1.5 hr of buffer per day and more if there are others.
	when children arrive is more important to them than later.
IQ - Not paying attention to team while scrum meeting is going on is sign of disrespect and also lack of team spirit bhakti. So be in the meeting mentally and intellectually that you physically attend.
IQ - Scrum is story sharing or planning on making a story - sounds fun. So, don't think of it as updates but as story sharing or story planning session - it will be fun.
	so pay full attention. Think of it as football planning strategy b4 game starts and fun talks after game is over or mid time talks - it's all fun if you are in love with the game.
	so team gaming is important to be seen in real life like scrum of scrums, team performance, which team is rocking, etc for best results.
IQ - Develop a habit of -> What is it and when to use it. Especially applicable to CS eg - multithreading.
IQ - CS - Levels of development - Concept Proposal (RnD, possibility) - Making systems or frameworks or platform (IOT, supporting community) - Making Applications (water level detector, temperature alarm; leveraging techs for consumable products and services B2B or B2C) - Using Applications (for daily business; Serving consumers or being a consumer).
IQ - Best is no problem then problem and solved. But still Having a problem without solution is much better stand than no problem and no progress.
	So NPS (MOPG) > PS (MOG) > PNS (MOP) > NPNS (MOI). So end of day you better have a problem (that's strong will) rather than no problem and no progress (that's MOI).
IQ - Consultants bridge gap between processes and standard products - functional gaps and technical gaps drill down of it. They work hand in hand.
	fit gap analysis. Writes specs and final product. Tech with realization of product - strong business sense and working of indu and tech can advise achievable and working, etc.
	functional specialize in products like successfactors. some specialize from technical consultant to functional consultant - slowly techno-functional are famous.
	consultant at sap vs others - tag that you are best and will deliver best.
IQ - new smartness idea - tell them the standard procedure or protocol which is followed by the team.
IQ - you rent out your CS knowledge and application ability that you expose thru recruitment forums or referrals, etc - and for the market value you place with the rent you get service reward - only 1 instance of your services. Paid for service.
	vs paid for product - scalable with new customers, new sales or new sales channels. Or being a stakeholder in a team which develops such a product 
		product company with still salaried doesn't change much except quality of service or highly regarded rent value.
		at small scale, ads on your apps uploaded on some platforms like playstore or vids on youtube, etc.
		at large scale you are 1 man business or a few men come together for a start up - then %age stake in that venture becomes important for piece of pie that's scalable.
		This can also include non-CS schemes like scaling your buy and rent processes for n-channels for income channels.
IQ - SAP - Export and trade sanctions
	No biz with these countries; users background checks - red flags if no use case or history or IP changing. Business Partner Data in CRM.
	ECCN questionnaire for every product and GTC (General Terms and Conditions) agreement.
	whistleblowing.
	Critical end-use - Civil nuclear end use, weapons of mass destruction, Military end-uses.
IQ - Delivery List for mails - hierarchy of team DL, Manager DL, Application team DL, Country Team DL, Product Team DL.
	Other ways of dicing the mail DLs - by Country, by roles (all PO DL, all Arch DL, etc)
IQ - The place where it hits really bad is first acting on road you don't even understand what you are doing; the expected behavior ditches.
	solution is to not sit silent and flop like fish outta water until it gets solved.
IQ - 
	It interferes with my dev efforts. I have to extend a lot for QE activities.
	Maybe I am inefficient but takes lots of my effort. Maybe if I could get some help here. 
		You can drop a mail to entire team.
	If it fails then we have to start every time it fails and consumes so much time.
	reiterate 2 days when hotfix. Yes it's very difficult - so tell your problems ASAP.
	Devise a plan to distribute the plans.
	What is groomed backlog Karthik - ask ASAP when you don't understand something - well planned user story.
	1st time weekend support and can ask for update so can call you. Give some update so that it can wait till monday working hours. Simple then resolve and complex then check thoroughly and update.
	Pictorial representation of the year in 1 picture - your works in the architectural block diagrams.
		Measurable results in terms of %age increase in programs, how many programs in number and distinctive features of every program.
		So when taking up a role - keep the metrics handy as if that's what you are gonna show end of a term like quarter or year.
IQ - money making depends on service with more quality or serving those who have high demand or meet demand of those who are willing to pay a lot. Or serving best servants.
	more money with service as a product - scalable service - time can't scale but persons you serve can, the demand and supply matching can. Intangible services also productizable.
		you become stakeholder - single if your productized start up or service has many customers - can be as simple as youtube video.
	more money with meeting most demand - like property like stocks or land bought when low demand and sold when high demand - 1 customer who values it a lot.
	To make most money you must meet the social demands the most. Now think how it's possible.
	To start with understand your market value and try to increase your market value and then try to be a person who earns with sales - stocks. Earning thru property or demand supply orchestration is business mindset - manager mindset - ppl to make bets and can earn a lot.
IQ - No investment required in IT to start a business - always have some side thing going. Biz with persistence. This is the age to earn. You are a master not a technician so play the game.
IQ - know your market value every time.
	what is your finance management - write your balance sheet and why meagre amounts on the debit side.
	Historians study Ashoka but don't become Ashoka cuz studying isn't being - the price is different in knowing and being. Application is important.
	so leverage all your knowledge to the fullest.
	Learn not just work but art of work - get oil outta til or ghee outta milk. There's a process.
IQ - best bet != excellence. Quality of 1 month > 20 years of lousy quality. Self love vs best bet - don't compromise self love - eb is replaceable, remember. Agreement honoring is gentlemanly enough but doing anything more is better.
	best bet should be seen in devotion - willingness for it and learn and contribute - you should always work at best market value of urs.
	maybe a place that engages more of ur dimensions. Relate - labor vs solve - or you serve a firm that serves the best (high demand).
	This ain't ditching cuz you serve stream and get money stream in return as part of agreement and both stop together, no undue advantage.
	The stream can be changed in favor higher money stream - so have a service stream that's the best of your worth. Go to 1 who values you the most.
IQ - my field isn't really consulting; analytics without product isn't full CS life - so transactional or RnD is better use of my talents - so my dev experience never a waste but I specialize in AI, DS, IOT, Big data, etc.
IQ - money ProportionalTo Service Quality - to 1 vs n ppl - and property (sell at high demand and buy at low demand - kanjusi).
	maximizing meeting the total net demand of society - with change in presentation only, logical changes, or no change only sales. 
	like playboy rise was change in presentation. Not that it's desirable but from business perspective.
	Uber rise was change in logic, same with amazon.
IQ - Career Canvas - bright stars of tomorrow I am talking to - feel like different generation - Y2K, DOTCOM bubble, body shopping to US - heard abt JAVA.
	digitization is the must now. Zoom evaluation has increased in COVID.
	zoom - it has become a must. Building anything that reduces human touch that will have high demand for start up.
	startup at or after college - good connection and network and no dependency and good exposure. SAP IO kinda stuff.
	lesser risk and more exposure - older then no dependency - no parent pressure. Spend money on pubbing, clubbing and dating.
	wife doesn't gel with friend then friendship suffers. so earlier better - eg of entrepreneurs after 50s is very rare.
	swim in ocean then find your way. ecosystem not there and vulture around you - so inside SAP - won't invest in next gen facebook - the ideas they support - right to win should be there.
	For B2B SAP is good place else don't go for it.
	AWS - high cpu and servers all offered by SAP. People and mentors - brand name you have.
		contracts and documents involved.
	entrepreneurs are those who want to solve problem for one who can pay for it. Also designing user experiences - all over the place won't crack the deal for you.
		many adopt but few continue - why come back - gamification of apps.
		PDF to kid doesn't work - can't have expertise in eth but holistic view for venture. Need strong people skill and trust in beginning.
	value engg and marketing - build these skills - org has to devp expertise - overview and value contribution of every area.
	lots of domain expertise like medical, etc but lots of apps already - both not usual - so personal research and right people.
	concur entrepreneur vs b4 - think all round - build confidence of other people. It has to be solved cuz customer problem.
	curse of intelligence - our upbringing we want to be smartest person in the room - answer right is smart but right questions is wise 
	wrong starting point is you are only one thinking about it - many don't cuz it is gonna be failure. Biggest contribution of entrepreneurship is right mindset.
	identify problem and right people and validate idea with SAP.
	many small problems solved that people may appreciate but won't pay for.
	was b school joining worth going thru - relp with profs is unique and peers are with experience and profs also experience.
		Fundamentals are taken care of that they will get jobs anyway maybe one not of their choice but they will - why? cuz hierarchy of needs.
		reflecting and figuring what to do - giving you diverse class - serving IPS, actors, Air force officer b4 ISB, fashion designers and doctors - ideas you get are very different. Our thinking sequence in IT is different.
		what keywords to use to click with this person.
		it is experiential learning not classroom type.
	if 2nd startup which mistake never to repeat - techie thinking - 1st paid customer. can't hire in 1-2 days vs took 3-4 months and devp plan got delayed.
IQ - In scrum your participation is assumed; don't break trust.
IQ - In office atmosphere, it is expected that you will cluster well with other team members from technical knowledge, domain knowledge and emotional dimensions.
	there is certainly room for specializing in different aspects but in most parts, you all should be very similar.
	Endeavor from your side to make things Ideal (at their best)
	but priority is always on doing the needful.
	Differences can always be appreciated.
	Eg - Bringing sweets from home, temples, etc - that's the way others do it, you should also.
IQ - Starting a new work - 
	Ask for buddy. Ask for Trainings materials and getting started - introduction to the product and technology stack.
	Ask for a plan to get started.
	Interact and get to know the colleagues - role, how long at SAP and career history; personally - states they belong to. 
	Ask colleagues about team structure and work culture. Technically what all topics do we need to be strong at.
	More
		About - excitement whether you start or for others to welcome.
		Before Hand
			do your research - mission statement; 1-5 yrs plan and values and how you can fit in their mission.
			An idea of how this is gonna be - some idea and visit those places. Why?
				Eth is new so gotta do eth with attention - prepone or postpone aptly for avoiding energy drainage.
				Plan clothes ahead. Have water bottle st not there.
		While
			don't stress - 1st week not enough to know eth - it takes 3-6 months to be fully productive. 30 days grace period to come to speed. Learn eth you can.
			Attention - Really value them and the work - demonstrate soft skills.
				see at screen while on call. Avoid distractions thru headphones, etc.
			Be one of them
				Dress as per ppl.
				Ask questions - don't be afraid to call and meet people - build rapport => Genuinely happy to be there.
					be curious - ask questions from managers and peers - ask flow of events to get the vibe of place.
					titles and projects they work on ask. Figure people who know everything.
					Not afraid to ask questions especially first 30 days and don't overdo it - so yourself first.
					questions in meeting - curiosity and desire to understand - asking vs defending.
					taking notes on what ppl say and write their names. Your name out loud.
						asked once then be self sufficient down the road.
						Show Eagerness to learn - ask Qs and take notes.
						What they expect and go piece by piece.
					Get to know your office culture quickly - certain procedures. Mental notes of how they do things.
					Play by the rules - you may have ideas for productivity but first establish reputation first. First fall in line.
				Timing - don't leave early in cafe, etc.
			Showtime
				Excellent Performance - no subpar performance - do to best of your ability and ahead of schedule - first 3 months crucial for impressions.
					Show that you are ready for action.
						Not expected to complete or shake mountains but diligent.
					get feedback early on so that we can make adjustments and improvements.
					Don't be know it all - let co-workers teach and enlighten you. Even if you know it - every company does things differently.
					Don't start using their services like social media straight away even if they tell its ok.
				Build relp - with boss and fellow emp - get to know each other. Talk freely.
					Being nice is good but overly nice is not. Be who you are but kind. Be yourself - that's what they recruited.
					Build strong relationship with your new team.
					Don't be a diva - demanding from co-workers. It's ok to be vulnerable but be enthusiastic.
					Be friendly - where from, fun things, where in company now - ppl love talking about themselves.
		Retrospect
			figure out every single person to interact with - does sth b4 you - do sth with it and forward. Whoever touches the flow - who they are and where they are. Talk to them and support them.
				Hey I give this to you. Is there anything I can do to make your life easier. Same with taking. Customers or suppliers.
				You are a function to make their lives easier.
			Revise your notes.
			Remember names and stop by their desk to say hi.
			Donuts - at end of week - thanks for making me feel welcomed this week.
IQ - Small input space - not having options at your disposal is a problem.
IQ - Transformational role it plays everytime; fortunate have these teams with us. Learning from teams we interact with - growth.
IQ - Having a desktop is not just another desktop on windows but it's referable desktop - for copy and presentable desktop - large screen.
IQ - Karthik's claim that he only helps - it's you that solves - he thinks about it so narratives are being formed all the time.
IQ - masters shortcuts what you would have become in 10 years in the relevant industry coupled with relevant book reading for abstract concepts' understandings and explorations!
IQ - As a person working on higher layer - your work affect many other
	any bottleneck at managerial layer, has negative impact on all stakeholders
	time wasted is n*t.
IQ - fast note making - underline the important nouns and verbs for the data model or process model.
IQ - Apply your logic to your limits
	and then batch all your concerns and doubts and get them clarified.
IQ - Difference was brought by association - problem was not having background on how the career should work - association instilled the engineering approach - strong will helped a lot, demands of the situations helped a lot.
IQ - some quotes
	nobody can prevent you from being exceptional
	sent pics to dd to check if jeans size is ok and suits on me.Manager
	Orchestrating the works of e1 to steamline and seamlessly integrate on temporal scale and culminate into presentable product demo with all the guarantees.
	He can't start his work until you finish. Where are we with this feature - he will call your API for the same.
	it is control flow of people's work with target of demo being final use case.
	I will communicate with that other team that we are blocked by your web service and it is not stable.
	1 day before, status update for next day demo. No plan B, if that's not done then no plan only.
	impedance mismatch between what's on system and what's claimed. Where is it?
IQ - SAP is compile time clustering - the team you choose to work in, innovation projects you take up are run time clustering.
IQ - for a project you can always maintain a personal copy where you can refactor and work things out with ease
	Problem will be synchronization - observe some git changes to align for synchronization - 
	moreover, it is not supposed to act as substitute but only ease your understanding.
	Later on, you can work on even complex code because you know it is just eth in 1 bucket but sub-buckets are known to you.
IQ - Threads of email by relevant to tasks.
	Microsoft Teams can help us with that.
	With Outlook we can have sub-folders but it should can ideally be another field to be able to filter on in inbox.
	Power of Sanjeev - would approach daily - would do his homework - report it and ask for suggestions when really didn't know. I will look at it and will look and come back - got good grade.
IQ - Buying 9 hr worth of your performance.
IQ - Whatever task you pick up make sure that you know everything around that
	what all you used. standardize their usages.
IQ - wanna learn from their mistakes not from others - if 7 is saying you can go ahead cuz can put a blame.
IQ - all jobs are at senses and layers - products and later made into as a service - that as a service was made more as a service.
	Eg - TV to Internet - TV is already eyes and ears as a service but channels became products but with web, even channels are on service.
IQ - Seeker like Nirosha
	1 doubt - how does this work - this is how, right. but this ain't not happening.
	you grow as you perform validations for their works.
IQ - creating a castle with no standardization of bricks, cements and stuff is recipie to frustration
	cultivate standardization - hello world for eth.
IQ - https://www.projectmanager.com/timesheets
IQ - Listening Performance Test
	Breadth - Summarize ability
	Depth - Quiz ability
IQ - Team dynamism
	When playing basketball you take responsibility of your area like I will play attack but when needed you rush for defense and you are a good player if you can do justice to that role as well
	but you take full responsibility for your role and are best bet for that role like playing attack.
	Similarly you take responsibility of your application component but you can take up any problem from another application component and solve it if needed.
	but full responsibility of your own application component.
IQ - thorough UT of what you have developed - and that of SOA.
	don't ask others to test it - unless you have done UT.
	perform UT for all the features - maybe that rigor with User acceptance Testing for yourself.
IQ - Rooms booking - some rooms reserved to be booked by specific person so that when business people need a room - it should be available anytime.
	solution - send a mail asking for booking to the responsible person.
IQ - Master the roads that you traverse - record time that you take in mastering that.
IQ - Positive pressure is very powerful thing realistic expectations and genuine interested
	like asking child - what's new in the field of technology you must knowing.
	technology should not shrink us but expand my capabilities
	observe children more rather than telling them what they should do - report card - imposition of your wishes on them.
IQ - Precedence is always to be given to get a working model than to get mad at every corner case.
IQ - Tech mastery. Apply Tech on some domain. but we divided what degree of depth in tech application are we targetting for the degrees of domains.
	Proof of Tech mastry - hello worlds for those. going bottom up - ABAP, then frameworks, then UIDesigner, then Others Functional Frameworks, Other non-functional frameworks (security, etc)
	go step by step - make DB schema for your app component, next study application logics for your app component
	study should be other way round - top down. SCM UI, SRM All messages, SIV app logic, SIV DB schema (last 2 can be swapped cuz app logic is a bridge b/w 2)
IQ - Turning ideas into tangible projects
IQ - google: extended desktop
	Mouse trap, taskbar - alt+space, m, left or right.
	Windows + shift + left/right 
	How windows password syncs outlook !!
		https://mail.sap.com/owa/
IQ - money works such that whatever you get increment is on top of that. So, increase your money as early as possible.
	creates demand - last moment I can't come and they bid more to have you.
IQ - Levels of interviews - HR selection, General Technical selection, Specific technical selections, Managerial selections, HR again (formalities maybe)
IQ - Give a undefeatable argument - ppl may say anything - speak truth on authority.
	problem came from somewhere not from me - but i can solve it.
IQ - Sense of Achievement in personal achievements (like seemingly impossible task done or a complex jigsaw solved) and also in group satisfaction (what we did as a team)
	pleasure of final product being staggeringly good - try any 01 and 10 - it won't be as satisfying.
	BYD liked a lot by customer and my contribution to SRM is very intriguing day in and day out. That's sense of achivement.
		vs I am a user of BYD and know how awesome the final product is - that it is appreciated is an extrinsic goodness.
		we generally have distinction between the 2 unless you are driving the show.
		personal achievements will come from technologies that you leverage to get jigsaw puzzle right.
		group achievement is also another level of jigsaw puzzle.
	Do justice to your m tech - it's all about specialization all the time - 10th, 12th, Btech, Mtech, etc - pivot.
IQ - Abstract
	What's the end result - we gotta do - hello world. Regex
		Context / Protocol we follow - why we do what we do. HLD details of what goes on behind the scenes. Eg what NW is.
		Steps involved - How it works - details of what. What all goes on behind the scenes - LLD. Some recording or hello world is enough. 
		Case Study was nothing but mastering technology - it is different from hello world in that your knowledge in guided in a specific domain and you gotta engineer stuffs from tech.
	Current stand - only hello world with necessary comments + context framework.
IQ - Surabhi dd Changing from Mechanicals to Data Science is nth less than a miracle but I did that cuz of focus and perseverence.
	You are earning 8 lakhs - you deserve 80 lakhs. You can be happy in 8 Rs also - bhookh kitni hai - why settle - why compromise!!
	all get calls from europe - what you doing here.
IQ - With time your contribs grow exponentially and learning growth rate is logarithmic.
IQ - Art of development
	first we make producer then consumers - don't make UI first and then BO - first BO, check it works fine in test shell then let ui consume this service.
	START_DEFAULT / BYD_START_QCH_126
	Dynamics vs B1.
IQ - Art of work
	Think solving a problem in terms of what you have een to have worked - maybe experimentation but too much of it is a gamble from work's point not a commitment.
	you can commit what you know you can and will do - not on experimentation basis.
	always adopt standardized roads. Proposing a new road should be pursued with experimentation (POC), theoretical correctness proof, benefits analysis and prior information.
		plan a ppt or discussion for that
		that's why implementing regular stuffs is really not a big deal - it's mundane.
		even if standard road, clarify it prior to implementation to save yourself from rework - which isn't wrong for learning but bad for amount of achieving.
		approach or algorithms and more so, protocols should be discussed b4 implementing - there could lots of stuff you are overlooking.
	give or stake yourself lower than you actually are - cuz that way you are a good friend.
	exploration of system isn't part of work but benefit of work - personal growth for greater personal empowerment within and outside work in IQ.
	architect also needs discussion for validity of new feature in product - benefits the business or not - this product management team can tell.
IQ - Art of work 
	desire, goal, sub-goals, Pursuit (at goal level), Learn/revision/recitation (tasks or sub-goals) <--> practice/challenge/evaluation (against sub-goals (small cycle) and goals (bigger cycle))
		learning involves being shameless at asking questions, doubts, curiosities (only clause being avoid redundance) - overcome hesitation at this phase.
IQ - The way I see it - don't over-endeavor to make it difficult when it is not.
	things are oversimplified in BYD and we still find out a way to make it difficult.
IQ - The capability thru the library of Machine Learning becomes a field because of its applications across plethora of verticals and eventually its market impact. Also involves significant TME investment - has huge technical data and process model paradigm also.
	other libraries like GIS, etc do not become a field - although every library is a standardized solution to a problem to be plugged by any app.
	I will call Multiagent systems as systems subject although it will eventually have bearings on applications also.
	Data Science field uses ML library but there's a lot to it like visualization, outside work, collecting data, etc. Library isn't enough to call it a field.
	Primary reason is economics, has stages of development and amount of technicals involved is enough to consume TME.
IQ - When you say not found, be specific what all you have explored and what all they cover.
	where should it aesthetically be.
IQ - Project expense
	whether delegated or not C-users or employees, think of it as sales order, a set of employees under a PM claim we have sold 80 hrs in this week
	The buyer claims yes I have bought 80 hrs from you fellas - I acknowledge the receipt of this service (GSA) so I owe you 800$ as per our agreeement (SIV)
	The seller or service agent or employee or c-user claims you owe me 800$ as per our agreement (CIV).
	Bridge or system - record employee hours of work for billing
	Thumb / swipe / don't care - billing inside the project or company (like lt 9.25 - reduce sal in quanta of it)
	DART / JIRA - SCRUM or task management purposes.
IQ - Project Manager
	project manager is a person who has the overall responsibility for the successful initiation, planning, design, execution, monitoring, controlling and closure of a project. ... A project manager is a person who is responsible for making decisions, both large and small.
	he owns the project - the onus is on him - PO represents customer but Project Manager represents the company for that project, with widening responsibility as we move up the managerial hierarchy.
	?All methodologies are adopted by Project Manager to ensure the working. Managing different ERP concerns - HCM, SCM, etc for the team as side responsibility.
	Every decision the project manager makes must directly benefit their project.
	cost, time and scope. Responsibilities include: project plan, communication plan, allocating tasks and setting milestone.
	Skills reqd
		Communication. Did you know that 90 percent of a project manager's time is spent communicating? ...
		Leadership. ...
		Team management. ...
		Negotiation. ...
		Personal organization. ...
		Risk management.
	PRINCE2 also contends that a project manager is managing projects to given parameters and should not require specialist skills. 
		That is the domain of the team leaders. 
		My verdict  you do not need a technical background to be a successful project manager, but it definitely helps
IQ - Project start and growth
	static kinda methods - 
		Domain
			understand the model (Data schema and UI model) persistence and the domain world then its ui mapping.
			Then get to the application side where the mapping happens under more pronounced rules.
		Tools and Technologies
			Understand your Dev landscape - all technologies tools at your disposal; get a hands-on working experience with the tools. Specify pre-conditions, expected outcomes and stuff.
			See project as a whole and Think of applying innovation - 
				making things better - processes easier and convenient for customers - any problem they have or may possibly have needs to be solved.
				think what all technologies you know and where those can be applied in the product. You can't live without doing justice to all the technologies that you know.
		Bridge
			Create HW for all the standard services using the technologies - like inbound message for CIV to SIV.
IQ - I am an expert Computer Scientist - I am architect given the premise of domain, I can give fabulous suggestions and innovate, implement with those experienced in years.
	My Actual specialization so I know the world around CS. But my official (and personal interest) major or specialization is Data Science.
	@think of it - an actor identifies himself as actor of different themes but there is a personal interest that evey actor has like jovial roles.
	It is a pyramidal (or subsetting) structure where the apex is varna and base is ashram - pyramid being made by our specializations in education along the years.
IQ - I adore talent over goli dena - but goli dena is also an art (to be respected). but you should have strong ability to distinguish and take firm stand on outcomes and not talks.
IQ - I helped the Siemens team realize that with discrete count of combinations on sql, there ain't no training required to classify for best hadoop execution engine 
	just refer to the results. No need of run time prediction based on training.
	what if the numbers were to grow beyond small numbers - that was the business scenario!!
	no matter what number you want to grow it to - you are only talking about cardinality being countable! 
	And ML is based on learning - not extrapolating the graph based on equations - when better we can fire the queries and check.
IQ - I keep building on top - this is very basic thing I expect.
	the data model of BC or BO in BYD should be clear to you.
	technology taken as gf - can be used by anyone but not patented one. Then also can take services but paid. He has db scan of eth.
	you will give db access - it was open connection so he used mine. Yes, but see, no1 hacks your db - no, it is properly wired.
	how current flows - like water in pipe - so if I cut in middle data will fall on ground?
	Ours is BYD Solution, And C4C is also a BYD Solution - so BYD framework can be used by any product to make a solution.
	BYD application is like spring application - somewhat cuz byd has a lots of readymade stuffs for design time configuration handling specific for the ERP application.
IQ - Online Meetings
	https://zoom.us/meetings
	Skype, whatsapp, facebook live, etc.
IQ - Arch 
	I have done my assigned task or part vs Make the product demo-able. What's wrong in integration. Or let's drill down your work to find why integration ain't working.
IQ - Arch - UX - Confusion that company is being browsed and not files.
	description if found we fill product id - what if more than 1 - then first one.
IQ - Arch
	Generic - DSA, etc core subjects of college.
	Specific Engg - You know the capabilities of your tools and the product. Given a new problem, you think in terms of those capabilities.
	Generic - core subjects.
	Specific Arch - Given a paper or idea, they think in terms of what all is there in the system and what needs change. How software as a whole works and not specific details.
	Generic RnD - Core skills.
	Specific - Given problems faced by teams across org or industry, make a tool or something - or come up with an idea to solve the problem. Eg - Solve the rush in kumbh mela problem thru all that you know.
	Clarity of full picture - Work Culture or People manager - CPO should take this up. Who can help us with this. Who's who, etc.
	So 3 types of consultants at work - 
		Functional or Business Consultant (clients are the the customers; Business Requirements to softwares and strategies)
		Technical consultants (Developers are the customers; aka architects - supposed to know the capabilities across tools and techs)
		Work Consultant (Business Layer of the institution are the customers; Manager or seer of business opportunity and getting product to market using workforce)
		knowledge of as-built is required to who all. All of them. What about engineer supposed to know as built - they should know "as built" of features or domains (acorss all types of consulting) that they handle. These guys will eventually specialize into 1 type of consultings or seers of large pictures or architects of people, work, tech or final product.
IQ - Arch - framework says same things over and over again that feels like shit. Tracing is poor. Exit world is not fully independent but dependent on framework - it should be like material which although is dependent on transcendental framework, nevertheless feels very independent and free.
IQ - Arch - Rollout of BO - readiness of BOF - frontrunners in adopting something then others can follow in line.
	different implementation frameworks - different features sets from each - constructs are different - but standardized now that e1 can adopt and captures all features.
	CRUD outta the box no coding.
	triggered on specific events as configured.
	Features supported in BOF - Determinations, Validations, ...
	many eg and reach out to us if any problem.
	Fake implementation for test doubles and independent testing for your Unit Test.
	Documentation to state why is done what's done and you can refer to change.
IQ - Arch - to make a point that your test case should be abstract and not specify document id - in his testing, he changed some of data like changing account to ensure that document id alone is not enough instead of just stating that your concrete test won't hold for another scenario so make it abstract.
IQ - Arch - Sunil Arch telling others that how BOPF maps to BOF - all cases - documentation maintained for all such recommendations.
IQ - Arch - How to leverage existing systems to implements what's desired.
IQ - Arch - Sunil Session 
	This is what seems but we can debug and check - I leave that to you.
	let's debug at a very high level.
	every statement made can be proved thru UI but st in interest of time - we can skip.
	also ability to help them out from back end - the report code you can go thru.
	As per my observation, that's what I have understood. Put a logical end to it.
	can I find which rule was triggered - not from here but another way, let me see if I remember that. Sincere willingness and ability to help others.
	Let me check this and get back to you - at least for now I don't remember this.
IQ - Arch - Meeting
	we are just consumers of these dates.
	Nobody was able to relate until you drew these tables. what has driven this user story.
	lost your connection for a while.
	eg make it clear to us but you will write the logic in documentation - I see max of the 2.
	Is it a frequent ask that need to open both of them - it's a legal ask now. Only spain earlier, now 2 more countries - earlier glo but more countries coming so standardize them.
	Krishna for complicated case to walk it thru in Synthesis mode and then isolate analysis logics thru pattern recognition.
	we have to attend that meeting - we have to get belted there so let's rush.
IQ - Arch - Discussions
	Ched chaad, toggle, proposed another extension of logic to date first, days later OR days first, date later.
	Fixed date, days later - it is not fixed anymore - their extension was jugaad and not accomodative of existing.
	authorization - query. WCV access. Framework can also do it. Explain eth in existing.
IQ - Arch - itna angreji kaun padega yaar, tell me an eg.
	Let's include LPM for standard practices and not decide on them randomly; business practices - Don't open the pandora's box. 1.5 months to finish and don't have LPM to finish requirements in 1 day.
	Wo to gaya tel lagane. Iske chakkar mein.
	bhayana controls that they can change only this.
	Nautani wale part mein problem hai. These cases I can explain khelte khelte. Yahaan pe shanpanti karega to what we will do.
	Documentation connects - inbound manager team with outbound manager team.
	Tell me if this is ok - haan ya naa?
	New feature - leading to regression in someone else's team - they must agree to implement it in this release cycle for consistency like glo must comply with specification modeling style.
IQ - Arch - 1 concern, objection, observation, curiosity, doubt, casual question, small question, serious question, clarification, counter point, supporting idea, 1 counter eg, 1 disagreement, etc.
IQ - Arch - Trace all threads at a point of execution - what are possible states at that point. Also what step could behave differently than expected. Focus coverage of cases and correctness or dependability of individual step or code block. Here, code review for Z-prefix CDT. After going thru - looks like code correctness if verified.
	cfg missing?
		return baseline_date
		is it Z? - invariant -> due date.
			Yes
				bad baseline date? exception.
				get due date1
					discount days exist? invariant -> find date_wrt_dd = sum with dd.
						else both dates missing? initial for later -> ev_due_date nothing.
					date_wrt_dd exists?
						Yes - fixed date given?
							Yes - concatenate date_wrt_dd with fixed date, update to respect last date of month.
								PROBLEM POSSIBLE - Spurious fd? or FD not as per month (semantic). Such manual way should anyways raise eyebrows.
								find month offset - given or implied if not given and date passed.
								add month for due date.
								PROBLEM POSSIBLE - if date is updated first then month offset added then problem comes for last days. Don't correct date immaturely cuz later it becomes important.
							No - date_wrt_dd -> ev_due_date.
						No - return null.
				get due date2
				readjust - equate if 1 gt 2.
				get due date3
				readjust - equate if latter lt former.
			No - old logic
IQ - Arch - Architects also need to manage the making - backlog - what to decommit - what can be done later - it does involve management but technical.
	gradually engr gets trusted with responsibilities of guiding others - then a set of ppl - you are moving towards architecture.
IQ - Arch - gotta prove that an assertion will work - prove it don't just say it but it is highly special.
IQ - Manager - weekly open house discussions on things that concern anybody. All Hands. Sessions for doubts clarification. Go Gemba with developers.
IQ - Manager - like in SAP, for promotion and appraisals, employees can be rated on measurable outcomes like story points delivered, Automations made, Tickets solved, etc.
IQ - Manager - you have one less thing to worry about. Ivr boring ticket cancellation vs fast on web.
IQ - Manager - Bring e1 involved onboard to discuss it fully not passing the buck. Change the granularity to ensure progress - I will merge it for now and sonar issues will be fixed by another user story.
IQ - Manager - Wrap up the year
	Thanks for delivering our commitments - eb on vacation so got pushed - could have done this earlier.
	All the hard work thru the year.
	I take liberty and speak on behalf of team - thanks for free hand execution - not stopping us. Always there to support us.
	Thanks for your trust.
	Pulse survey on 4th of month - session with HR - asking what you want and stuffs. Other teams already have it.
	Anything that we should address - I would prefer hearing from you guys straight than thru them.
	Anything pressing to be addressed like remote work - does our model work fine or there is a change required.
	I am good and have no concerns - is remote good - we are taking measures to be more productive; so for us not much; small hiccups for onboarding. Will sail thru that.
	PO awards made public.
		Sathya - PO, Varsha - DoD and support, Abhijeet - abstract, Ajay - csw and Imran for migration, Abhishek - SVM, Pavan - derivations and kafka, Ashok - seeing thru test automation.
		This motivates others also.
IQ - Starting a new project - How old is this product and where idea came and what's business model, etc.
IQ - years at a project - Ceiling 0.5 means Dissatisfaction; 1 means Ok; 1.5 means acceptable; 2 means expected; >= 2 Thankful.
IQ - with passage of time you are supposed to know the essence of technologies and hence rise to more abstract responsibilities like architect 
	and they are more rewarding in terms of money and subtle achievement. 
	So while in a project focus only on learning and growing. 
	In giants, in higher roles you are as good as owning a product or having a business yourself with backing or investment from management thus you get a huge share of money and don't have to worry about growing a business ground up.
IQ - 2 challenges - first is to get the formal participation among other colleagues and second is to engage.
	First requires networking and proving your worth thru selection or something. Preparation and interaction give evolution here.
	Second requires sincerity and is therefore generally assumed. Engagements and involvements give evolution here.
IQ - Any project work = Model:Schema:Concrete implementation.
	We have data model and process model for functional, architecture, implementation etc with us in abstract form.
	Any project is nothing but different schemas from this model catered to meet customer's needs or wants.
	So, KT of project means how have you leveraged existing capabilities (Arch then CS; Consultant then functional capabilities in depth or ERP breadth in depth).
	Eg - Architecture of this project - still UML with compositions and design patterns.
	And concrete instantiation of this plan is actual work on ground.
IQ - always gotta standardize people with their strengths, weakness and normal roles.
IQ - Alize - good singer but addons start making difference - leg movements and mild dance stunts, adaa of singing seductive.
IQ - Whatever idea you get, try that on small scale and then try on large project scale - eg - debugging multi-module maven application.
IQ - SAP - Success in life is not about choices between options, its about decision. Options are just opportunities. Success is about deciding what matters most to you.
IQ - deficiency in abstract J affects concrete D and J.
IQ - work is like multi module project - every module uses dependency and is also being used and it all culminates into good outcome - so gotta ally with 7.
	you are module of your making - you decide your dependencies and make sth available to others.
IQ - Story, strategy. wide portfolio.buy as 1 SKU. strategy paper s.t 1 north star arch.
	Successfactor into SAC. NPS - Net Promoter Score - onboarded and goes thru system.
	kafka topic creation during for hybrid model during mds subscription - recall Sathya's talk on how tenant subscription happens - then this call gets made.
IQ - SKU - Company, Brand, Model, Flavor / Variant, Pack size combination to unique identify a product.
	every SKU caters to a unique user group's need.
IQ - always value ur work cuz that's what you get valued for. Jinna de ghar daane unna de kamle vi syane. Time nahi kaDde if you don't give time but vellad hai when u give ample time.
IQ - We are talking about the culture where every change you make is eventually meant to be demo-ed by you.
	So, this is also experience to be captured in project level details or sume - sume actually.
IQ - Lapse - Educate him about using parameters in postman - I didn't defend my position or offend anybody which is a small concern but ok for now.
	I was expecting the regression or integration testing infrastructure to be working outta the box. I didn't even bother to open and check the call getting made.
	There is nothing wrong with this expectation but experts don't even need a demonstration of working piece of code. They will make it work if it doesn't work already.
IQ - LIB Review Meeting takes place like stage decorum. What's the plan and hand over the mike to next colleague and get it back.
	any questions, concerns or comments.
	what all went well, what can be demo, what concerns exist - good bad ugly.
IQ - High value service pays far more than low value business - eg facebook emps earn > most of the business empires.
	Prio for earnings - Freelance for market value increase, Investments, IOT Device - smart watch integration or alexa integration, Uber earnings, etc.
IQ - Scrum Master is working manager - ensures the seamless working - whom to contact. Have you raised a ticket - has somebody seen it already - can you loop him in this meeting.
IQ - New laptop Machine - bigger screen hp touchscreen 16 GB RAM, model name, etc.
	accessories - mouse, monitor, connecting cables, etc.
	can also be couriered and previous one collected.
	drivers - hp hotkeys for brightness and all. take help from Manjunath for doing that online - can be done anytime.
	OS - edge already existed. Speakers and microphones tested.
	SAP Softwares - Configuration softwares for certificates and all.
		necessary softwares like office.
		But I remain as Admin of my system.
	IaaS - Infrastructure Details - gotta know standard commands that come outta box
		windows, network details, settings, etc.
	PaaS
		Platform - JAVA, Python, etc.
		Dev Env - IDE, Maven, GIT, etc.
	SaaS
		Already existing or installed ones. Microsoft Office, etc.
		Developed ones. GITHub Projects, etc.
		Logs for apps and utils for apps (conf, logs, data, etc)
	Data
		IO for Apps, tmp. It's a relation with apps not hierarchical under apps.
	Settings
		System, Devices, Apps, Accounts, Cortana, Search,
		Phone, Time and Language, Privacy.
		Network and Internet, Gaming, Update and Security, Personalization, Ease of access.
		Accounts - Face, Fingerprint, Pin, Password, Security Key Physical.
			Dynamic Locking, sleep wake up needs password.
	uncat
		Util Softwares chrome, acrobat, snagit, winrar, editor - notepad++, 
		Project Softwares - refer to doc - devcenter, intellij, etc.
		All softwares with MS and SAP as follows: as soon as we get our PC.
		3D Viewer, Alarms and Clock, App Installer, Bang,
		Big IP Edge Client, components, calc, camera, company portal,
		feedback hub, game bar, get help, groove music, heif image extension,
		hp system info, intel rapid storage, optane pinning explorer,
		intel serial IO, Mail and calendar, maps, mcafee agent, endpoint firewall, security platform, security threat prevention.
		messaging, ms edge, ms edge update, ms intune mgmt extension, office 365 proplus,
		onedrive, solitaire, ms store, ms teams, ms visual cpp 64 and 86, mixed reality portal,
		mobile plans, ms movies and tv, mvision edr client,
		nexthink collector, office, oneNote, Paint 3D, people, Photos, Print 3D, SAP FOnts 2019,
		SAP Secure Login Client, skype, snip and sketch, sticky notes, synaptics pointing device driver,
		teams machine-wide installer, tips, voice recorder, weather, web media extensions,
		webp image extensions, xbox console companion, xbox live, your phone.
		New Laptop stuffs
			downloads, desktop for quick access, media files - pix, docs, vids, auds, etc.
			installation directory (Program files), shortcuts (Desktop Folder) and software installers (Downloads -> /home)
			JAVA, Python, etc.
			RPM, download untar, installers like brew, yum, etc.
			1.2 GB Reqd - 661 MB - shortcut, add to context menu, create associations with files, path setting.
				create project inside /home/user/app/project1.
			IntelliJ, GIT, 
			Rent cycles used for delivery.
			Start menu folder, editor for git vim or notepad++, path env (use git bash only then no env var), 
				windows certificate stores vs ca-bundle.crt files, checkout with windows formatting, terminal emulator - MINTTY vs windows default console window. pull default behavior (merge or rebase), credential helper. allow fs caching. allow pseudo consoles like for python and node.
			adblock, vpn, etc.
IQ - Used bookmarks manager to export and import bookmarks in chrome - when migrating my system.
IQ - CS - LIB - Business Model - let's solve some problem - what's the use case.
	Functional specification - Please specify the system - as it is viewed by the customer - DMPM (master and transactional).
		Technical specification system design aka architecture - DMPM master and transactional - tools (eg - which DB, distributed, etc) and resources - how they are supposed to interact for SE.
			LLD - Class Diagram and code walk thru and code standardizations to server higher layer.
	Every layer serves the layer above.
	Take eg of BYD and LIB to relate.
	This should reflect in all your sume of prods worked on.
IQ - CS - Types of work
	Infra and Platforms
	Softwares
		Data Management - Managing your resources.
			Managing Master, Transactions and Configs for people or things (IoT). Facebook, IoT, Twitter, etc. Can use lots of tools in the market like kafka, redis, etc.
		Implied or Innovation - Cool features - implied informations that you may find really useful - using algos and approximate algos.
			Spark GraphX. IoT+ can be very powerful. Here also analytics is used thoroughly but not over huge volumes.
			There's a lots of fun in connecting different apps, features, capabilities, etc in interest of final users.
	Data Generation - Using its essence as testing for some capability to be used for innovative software.
		Data Engg - analytics (insights into or transformations) over the existing archived or persistent data no matter how big (V3). 
			Pandas and Spark Gen - describe and explore or confirm. DA follows from here.
		Learning - what patterns or information does your data reveal.
			ML for predictions and prescriptions. Spark ML.
IQ - mouse lock, volume, wifi lock, 2 port usb, etc.
	ctrl,alt+double click.
	3 KTs - functional arch code X theory, practical.
IQ - Windows - add pin - 
	Microsoft authenticator and phone call or text.
	mysore bonda.
IQ - No calling and on time delivery - so he didn't deliver.
	Customer support - refund and 160 Rs discount
	HP Software framework not installed or running.
	ftp://ftp.hp.com/pub/caps-softpaq/cmit/softpaq/CASLSetup.exe
	InstallShielf Wizard for the framework. Expert at reading your current system and its drivers and downloading relevant - is this software generic or system specific - read its name - it is generic for all hp not even for model specific.
IQ - Sequence of asking for help in case of interdependency
	Can talk to equals asking for suggestions. Ask in group chat, ask specifically some senior in charge, if still not sure, ask any senior, ask PO or SM for help.
IQ
	Microservice app KT should be HLD and LLD (so functional and code walk through)
		how problem was solved thru available services and how is it solved in algorithm - LLD.
		so just 2 levels of UML diagrams = that's it.
	Varna is getting paid for a problem that you have or are solving. You should get enjoyment in both of them.
IQ - Taking a session or presentation is presenting a world of knowledge - like LA for derivations - dont just say it but do it and address all queries.
IQ - Arch - Risks foreseen for future - memory usage will increase if there would be frequent updates (nothing unforeseen left for future - benchmarking of memory usage anticipated etc)
IQ - Manager - Bridge gap for leadership devp plan - ur feedback is crucial for action items on their devp plan.
	Manager not part of meeting - aggregated feedback or themes get shared, anonymous.
	Provide feedback like you like to receive, tell it as it is. Verbose for real help.
    Some features only accessible thru app and not web.
IQ - Sprint Planning
	Spillovers - what is done, what are blockers, who are you in touch with
	Make sure that all capacities are consumed - estimates on work load.
	There should be enough ppl and enough backlogs.
	Design means creating a flawless world. And representing it properly for communication.
IQ - jyada kaam uthayega tabhi accha kaam milega
    volunteer karlo - say you will do it.
    design pick karlo - DB Design hi hai and regular coding of hana querying
        Then ask senior colleagues they come to help you any way you need.
        read reference wikis.
        present your designs to the team as soon as possible - for reputation cultivation.
        Always finish your job ASAP - and then do anything more later.
        Planning meeting is very important to get the specifications or specifications of final outcome.
        Initial phase that follows will be the design doc preparation or discussions. Coding comes next - is not lots of effort consuming thing.
IQ - appraisal depends not so much on power or desire but primarily on contributions - so keep backlogs in focus
    Money - point in normal distribution in market, within company, within team, personal expectations.
        market standards money - they are fixed and company already exists at a certain percentile.
            70 percentile not 70% - so 30% companies pay more than SAP but not that SAP pays 70% of them on average.
        internal fair compensation - within SAP I can take care.
            double digit increments of friends and compounding problem in initial years.
            mid year hike would have take care of that.
        Work satisfaction but money should not become bottleneck.
        you don't talk you don't get - demand.
    Power - plays a little role externally but only intrinsically - what is ur dependence
        Dependence - not talked about but is known.
        how team suffers in ur absence
        how many leads do you take
        how much help do you leverage to ur team members.
    Contributions - real thing
        number of backlogs or user stories, number of tickets, etc.
    Give development plan to Srini by EOM.
IQ - Presentations for power
    planning, design (sending MR), review (Code review and demo)
    for across team and new onboards - Demo mapping to planning, KT mapping to design, code walk through mapping to coding.
IQ
    In IQ, it's better to finish t tasks than to have all t+k tasks almost done.
    Manager or equivalent's polity - ask questions of next level - is it done, will it be done today, do you have PR today,
        whose help will you need to finish this, Mr X can you help him with this - this takes future work to present.
        Asking do you have PR even the details are enough to convey that it is far from it - intent is put pressure to raise PR.
        Now to ensure that you don't get pressure - get this thing brought out clearly that it is far from PR. So, your expectation is wrong here.
    Review meeting - What all was done and major decisions made. Demos.
        usability suggestions - how to organize the json response
        Potential problems - what if thresholds are reached with this design.
        usability - end user may get confusion if sees data in 2 places.
        how is it different from that endpoint.
        aesthetics - move url under that. response status be 400.
        Please remove that tag - I will check this and get back to you for the suggestion.
IQ - Revisit arch for Current State of the art.
    Clarify the question. If you can go to wiki page. Let me get time.
    Weekends for abstract J and concrete J. Revisit your J chakshu for runtime of what's being built - to reinforce your und.
    cleaning the things like making curl - standardizing and cleaning postman collections - making them dependable.
    so much achieved in 1 sprint. think from user perspective whats new. But things todo - better m simple things than m - k tough ones.
    brings clarity
    problems in new feature is a new plan. like thread pool exception. don't just correct it - fulfill a user story - every effort is a story.
    count them in appraisal
    program is tested and process is with soul. program compiling is recruitment. process is working in team.
    healthy competition - intra and inter. we want e1 to win.
IQ - use OneNote for concrete details at work.
IQ - Actually using the desktops or screens or spaces for different work spaces
    different threads of work at workplace for parallelism and for home also.
IQ - Focus on abstract training - concrete is important but fundamentals are most.
IQ - Youtube - Personal branding,
IQ - Debug Decision tree - thru discussions, figure out where the problem is thru checking what's working and what's not.
IQ - JIRA - informal jira also.
    comment - Prayojan. Work Log - Abhidhyeya.
    prayojan status consists challenges and achievements.
    Abhidhyeya consists of done and what to do next.
IQ - LIB - quick implementation of spark Pi implementation
    lesson learnt - we gotta go through the documentation without which we make silly mistakes. And turn around time of finishing off a simple use case takes huge time.
    So, abstract mastery has to come with documentation and book and same thing applies to master phase as well - every project has its wiki and git readme
        if not there or not clear enough - talk to colleagues every now and then and elicit moments of truths.
IQ - Alliance between 2 companies is like cross product - SAP X Microsoft OR SAP X Siemens.
IQ - We can ask questions from other colleagues (esp senior ones), like stack overflow questions.
    your base knowledge, your expectations and results. what debugging you tried and your findings.
    That way another colleagues should be able to solve a problem in less than 5 minutes.
    And don't hesitate to ask anyone for this 5 minutes help.
    And also be willing to offer this 5 mins help to anybody.
    In fact, always prefer 1 minute help over 5 mins help - that saves eb's time - so sth like ping a question for help can make a difference.
IQ - You gotta know how to pin point the source.
    Eg - rather than searching with guessed names where spark job must be getting created - better call the spark swagger api classes - it is bound to work.
IQ
    My documentation following was perfect in every case - only scope of improvement was 
        sometimes documentation isn't sufficient - it gives only 1 line of usage and skips another - the other line of usage like batch job, I would do lots of steps delineated for regular line of usage so any reference is a great help.
        Other times, it suggests and problem is with our expectation like cf ssh program should end - no it's like chisel tunner it will stay on until stopped.
    When a senior asks for async job for you - you accept it and you should accept it - we should value their time and eventually we also need to behave like that - async help to others.
        OR help by hints, help by documentation, help by delegation, help by right person reference
IQ - CS - Architect
    For a given use case, make a heuristics diagram for all the possibilities.
    What is presented is print all the paths from root to leaf
IQ - LIB - if we make stages of our developments then we are a black box - not only we achieve tasks but we make them CICD available for other team members as well.
    so that if for some reason, we change the task, we still had made the contribution to a checkpoint and others can pick from there.
    These stages of development look on jira with task completed but also a deliverable - like wiki page added, git branch created, PR or merged, quality checked, etc.
    Try to have some deliverable coming every mid week (every 2 days) along with some presentation (can be in minutes, even seconds but really important)
    Every day is like a hackathon and we should reflect in state of wow on reflecting on the day after its done.
    All meetings arranged and discussions over sub-tasks level (or different grains as per needs) - topic of the meetings and efforts logged there.
    Master study for a user story also comes under the effort but not curiosity based master exploration
        cuz you can't take scrum responsibility for the latter in work day efforts.
IQ - Our work day is constituted of working on sub-tasks across user stories (OR High level work life)- nothing else.
    It is in sub-tasks execution at a time that we face different challenges at the abstract or master level.
    These challenges should also be noted as the part of user story execution - which will eventually become a tool for analytics.
    At the start of the day or effort - think end result once, and then a set of sub-tasks (across user stories) - a set because we need to preempt for best results.
    it is true that during the execution we may encounter sub-tasks getting spawned but that's ok - just update it in the jira.
IQ - VS Code is powerful. Shift + click on the arrow for tabs level indentation segregations in even text file. So automatic hierarchies everywhere.
IQ - Installed MS Teams on mobile device with Microsoft Auth. OR even register mobile call or sms.
IQ - Not only top down is the way to teach but top down is the way to work and showcase.
    So you should not do POC on n items and after everything is done, you culminate everything into useful - only to find some other POCs still required.
    Best way to work is you deliver AMAP - maybe a UI with all the connections showing the message - it is under repair.
    So forth. Simulate things in objects until a DB is available. So forth.
    So, in BJDK we are talking about K or transactions in IQ life - this should follow top down approach.
    This is not to disregard sequence - of course, design first then implementation; but not bottom up, rather top down.
    Even in design don't try figuring low level details b4 presenting the page - just scribble high level information for HLD then LLD.
IQ - Daily scrum targets other colleagues but to have same frame of reference - like in parliament we talk to speaker, scrum master who also represents the team. Speaker in parliament is a kafka topic.
IQ - There can be lots of master learning from the DoD role. Take eg of already solved to have further learnings - of course some basic code knowledge should be there.
    But master exploration in emergency like very high - not desirable. Master learning from Daily scrum. Master learning from DoD. Master learning from exploration.
    All of these things also give abstract or config learning.
    In daytime (or better, scrum responsibility time), only master learning contextual to a sub-task is allowed and you take scrum responsibility for it
        explorations can happen anytime outside of scrum responsibility time.
IQ - At start of the day or even start of a user story (or backlog), we should serialize the DAG of efforts in an appealing way.
    Topological sort - but act top down not bottom up.
    All of these activities at different granularities - slot work to work day to user story to backlog
        always start with SMART end result in mind and emotions feeding the determination.
    For eg - Review phase subtask, Design Wiki page subtask, git repo creation, HLD implementation, basic delivery with stubs,
        Successful scenario controllers and model - UI controller, application controller, utilities controller
        View Beautification phase - UI beautification, application all exceptional scenarios FOE, utilities misbehaviors to be accounted for.
    This approach is both scalable, evolutionary, CICD compliant, and giving you sense of achievement while WYSIWYG approach.
IQ - windows iso not taken not previou full project - necessary parts only.
	Ram chips in center.
	Bitlocker for the user needed.
	1 ram slot wasn't working actually outta 2 but both rams were fine - so no need of connector - use half the ram for your copy to smartphone - backup to onedrive - IT personnel have no access to even the internet so had to bring standby laptop.
	Clarify b4 coming.
IQ - Presentation
    Organize your content.
        Theory and Practical should intersperse - practical really spices things up.
        specification, then end user presentation, architecture, code review.
    Practice 3 times b4 your presentation.
IQ - Lessons from College Alumnus senior Abhijeet of SAP who left for Intuit
    US Finance for tax filing - books maintain - us finance - real time transactions to be streamlined - kubernetes, apache kafka,streaming real time, it's not there yet
    it could batch - schedule they do - as much as manager said - that has to be real time.
    4.5 years now so have to see new - Any time no learning it's time to switch within or outside.
    do as much in 40 years - do as much good as possible by that time.
    Stable position by 40 years - monetary value and designation - it gets dangerous with time. Like pandemic.
    stable - work and money. You are young - design item pick.
    Brain you have - design item uthao - crowd - only few people are good - Ajay is good (a lot to learn from, can offer helps), kanu is good, ok, Imran is good.
    Baaki sabki dukan chal rahi hai. Tune dukaan nahi chalani - seekh karke nikalna hai. Grow more. Learn and grow - repeat.
    Get good work - this is old and deprecated. Old home work and then pick new work.
    New tools and learning but money is less - that disturbs.
    Less money should inspiration for work. People still can give you more money for work - but you gotta see both work and money.
        not step out just like that - money more and work also good.
        Know good work then good money not vv. Basics strong and then go out - lots of money in market.
        Private company this is the advantage it's not govt company.
        No deception here - learn till you know everything - what you do - ppl or can close eyes and tell it all. I know in and out - he knows business - he should be able to say.
        Less money will give you inspiration that I need to improve and get better.
        This is beginning - pick work then learning and responsibility comes naturally - if you keep sitting, that's what you end up with.
        More work you pick, more you are pushed forward.
        Work pickers are little less - pick a bcp and take help from others.
        BCP solving then you will understand the product - Ask ajay he will help - but need to go to him with knowledge - to ask him about M, you already need to know A to L.
        Accha sa Kaam utha - design kar, interest automatically aa jayega.
        coming from good place and have learnt so much that others won't know - so implement more than others - give suggestion.
        Behind the curtain won't give anything - Come ahead and speak - it's our team only. Speak out and you know so much that here people don't 
            not so much about showcasing yourself than giving really good suggestion.
            But b4 suggestion, read something about product - if that's feasible not selling knowledge - speaking anything without even knowing the product.
            wiki documents - product exploration - sap help document gives business knowledge.
            Ingestion pipeline - scala streaming code - no rocket science - only take input source is different from output.
            so take input from device. Output is time series. Spark streaming written for that. Cache written - transforms and gives something else. That's all.
            Know some spark and kafka - write some spark streaming app - then Confidence that I know things.
            Architectural understanding - product understanding and product programming then architecture is automatic.
        State spec - spark streaming lecture - it's a hashmap. Any language to learn is see its documentation.
            if keywords then you don't get anywhere - it's simple cache. If you hold onto something then you won't get it.
            Lectures see - conference, summits gotta see - some old ones really good. Faruki's is good.
            Some small product you should make in weekends - read spark like a guy came who didn't now spark earlier - he learnt - picked data from open source.
            and did streamlining on aadhar card and stored in redis - automatically understanding comes - for your own learning.
            don't think it is company's work - company's work is project. Technology is OSS and that is another project. Office we just more.
            But learning tech is first thing and then comes product.
        You need to look up to 7 - And I am not going till that date and there are many more people to look up to. take my number. Anyways from the same college.
    Hike is good 50% and your level it will be far more - market is not bad - market is good and they pay a lot.
        ye log bakar kar rahe hain in praising.
IQ - Time line of growth in ticket solving.
    1st phase - when you ask for the tools and table names and stuffs. Colleagues guide with tools they use or at disposal.
    2nd phase - when you map an issue, with what you know and have specific queries from colleagues to solve it and confirm your solution.
    3rd phase - when you only confirm with older colleagues but solve it all by yourself.
    4th phase - when you extend help to others.
IQ
    Working for company - I am a partner with company and I give favors to the company so that they can do some service that I don't concern with.
    Working in company - I am a member of concern which renders some service. I am a part of a whole which serves.
    Working with company - I am independent entity which works in collaboration with the company to render a service which is our common goal.
    The best mood I think is working with company - that gives you passion for a service and company assists you in doing that just as you assist company.
    That company is your ally - it is always about your personal value and if your partners are big that you work with 
        that increaases your value as well along with rate of increase of value with time.
IQ - CS - Every project code is not just orchestration but a problem solved which you should know at DFD level (functional details that is) - with proof and counter arguments - scientific logical proof of solving.
    then come other non-functional aspects to discuss the problem solved.
    Create a new git branch on every project for your readability.
    Jobsubmitter is problem solved of also all parameters submissin - find end result from scala. and then DFD.
    All HANA queries - from 1 class which has all the queries.
        HANAQueryConstants.java - JobSubmitterConstants.java
    For ticket solving your functional understanding be strong. And knowledge of tools.
IQ - L1 functional problem solving is roll up of the L2 details - you gotta know as its abstract that what all functionalities, RaaS, etc are in place for the promise to be met.
    Similarly L2 is abstract of L3 - configs, I/O between blocks of arch.
    L0 or business is abstract of L1 or functionalities - You have solved a customer problem.
    What has given rise to all the comforts of current times?
        it's entrepreneurship or businesses who wanna profit themselves by making lives easier for others.
IQ - When anything does not work - it is either bad orchestration from our end or some promise not being met from a tool.
    If tool we have to reduce or debug the tool to basics and figure where we went wrong in the configuration - if it was not our wrong configuration - then raise a bug and start finding a workaround in the meantime.
    quick help websites are a great help.
    and all the while we have to stay cool - cuz it is all about aligning with the tools and helping others in the process. if you can't then wth - take some time out to ultimately help or raise bug for helping your peers who wanna help.
IQ - PIES also.
    I do Varna for happiness DFD L0 - next, I achieve it thru FDDL - Stability, Money, Contributions and Fun. Same applies to SVAF.
    Think of day work as canvas to drag and drop your standardized stuffs to. So, easy stuff there. Implementation is nothing.
    As far as best drag and drop pattern that's also Design pattern thingy - mastered - more time goes in that fun thinking and discussion
        than implementation - that's easy - to be done in an hour.
    In 20s work hard in various fields but 30s work - decide your niche and delegate or standardize for easy life so that you can focus on other things.
    30s is better for business than tech - of course, can be done before also but 30s also brings in maturity.
IQ - Applications from DSA - This is every day.
    Induction - Perform development in scalable approach - if A is solvable, we can proceed to A+1. Practically, always start with POC and then proceed ahead. Every sub-task.
    DnC - To Solve problem A we need to solve A1 and A2 - sub-tasks in user story.
    Greedy approach - among sub-tasks always prefer to deliver the one which give maximum reward with least effort.
    Backtracking - you can solve problem A if you can solve A-1 and then add 1 to it. Practically, sequence the series of action that will take you from 1 config to another - Role change to desirable state.
IQ - On a leader leaving - Action item for every concern. Not overly excited on being praised by mild smile. You are in safe hands - taking full responsibility at a role.
    On every praise thank and make a statement - I will miss you guys that's for sure.
IQ - First Stability from hurricanes then new features.
SCMProd - HomeErp - Chakli karnataka made.
SCMProd - During cough, what all indulgence are uniquely possible - drink kadha, eat hot desi ghee sweets like jalebi or seera.
    Soups, Garlic.
    Tea - ginger, honey, lemon.
    Fruit juices.
    Broccoli (vit C and E), leafy greens, Yogurt.
    Oats (vit E), Spices (towards the end to remove chest and sinus congestion)
    Avoid - Alcohol (dehydration and lower the immune system), caffeine (dehydration), Hard or jagged foods (crunchy and chips), Processed foods (lesser nurtrition)
Logs - Gratitude IQ
	Teachers - Philosophy from Project sir and OO initiation
		RC Sir for being in love with technical stuff and studying the power of techniques and think real world and then think research.
			how everything is related - shell commands are actually programs. How DBMS works internally - it is all same raw CS concepts applied to a problem solving.
			Meditate on data - so you do like data - welcome to data science.
		Discrete maths and TOC - some interesting clarifications thru QA.
		NS madam - tools for hacks - be practical. NSW Sir - apply psychology to CS and CS to human psychology. 
		OOAD Sir - start loving PL in CS Life and think like an architect.
		Director Sir - My friend Kalam - as homage to him, not holiday but work extra hard today.
	Studs
		Abhinav - I checked the definition in dictionary and I agreed. It is always over projects that we truly understand concepts.
		EBay team guys - aggressive achiever. making frameworks for tests that OOAD teacher would take to make doable in 10 mins.
		Wallmart guy - quick reference Tutorialspoint and make something working in the system and it can evolve over time.
	Siemens
		intern friend - just wanna be a developer - aggressive at making things work. 
			Everything is file - Ambari is just a higher UI abstraction for controlling hadoop ecosystem (some clarity offered in my understanding)
			no meal until I finish it. Today dedicated to mastering a tool learning like maven - today EOD I will know it.
		Vikram - is there a way around to make specifications meet - think about reading data from shell command output and use that.
			take sessions. learn art of showcasing your efforts and also culture of inspiration.
		Varsha mentor and her colleague - how shells are created. thinking scale and design patterns in real life.
		Mentor's mentor - attitude of every problem is solvable. Writing papers and reading papers. Weekend for learning new tools and technologies he does.
	SAP
		Sunil K - thinking in interplay of technologies. Making anything work. There must be something wrong we are doing.
			if there's wrong I wanna know about it and pinpoint problem in framework.
		Sunil B - consulting master - domain expertise and technical knowledge of "what's possible"
		Nikhil - go inside to make it work. Technical details and debate over technologies - which one is best, why something is needed.
			why the lock still on - that's wrong on their part right.
			New technologies introduction and evaluation - I thinking usecase of react programming - when will I use it.
			Think technologies and not just tools - in interplay stay technologies conscious. 
			Apply understandings head on - 
				just do hard reset and pull changes than to clone.
				just delete node_modules and npm install again.
		guy in SLS Square - publishes papers and CS vision in life - real world is all cost function based.
Logs - Gratitude SQ
	Revati Pati Pr - Thanks for spirituality made relatable.
	CCP - Thanks for technical aspects of spirituality.
	Situations in life - thanks to Krishna - for eth else we can add why thank Krishna for that.
Logs - Gratitude EQ
	About - Thanks for meta-information.
		It's culture of gratitude. We can and should shed the tears of gratitude and not what grats I will miss.
		Robin Sharma - Live through that experience (deliberate) for some time 
			Indian Culture - avoid enjoyment for some time so that the intended experience is not bypassed but lived thru and we grow thru it.
			also an etiquette of respect to someone that they meant a lot to us.
			but no paralysis of other layers of existence - just avoid grats of other layers to experience it but stay on MOG on all of them.
		Practical approach is far important - any emergency is puzzle solving.
			eg Baniya friend who said who pays for hospitals the business right so that should continue but we care so we spend TME on them.
		relatives are so important in life 
			too much => cheap politics starts upsetting 
			too little => you miss on opportunities and also what life is meant to be - the experience of life.
		why not (holy place) visit - mind driven towards some other direction and can't easily focus on Krishna - psychological readiness for meditation.
			so the austerity of doing the right thing - neither grats nor ignore - but grit.
			offences of ignoring will not help spiritually or psychologically. But if you can manage your emotions then great.
	Nani Mama Gratitude
		Genes and behavioral training, etc. Thanks for the culture.
		dishes at home like churi kuti, pooriyan - separate room and lift of rope to send food stuffs down. I recall jumping from there also.
			goliyan paa de sareyan de muh cha. Thanks for the love that makes spiritual world relatable.
		Statements - a person learns throughout the life - no age for learning and evolving or growing from it. Thanks for statements that make difference.
			can naively think that she didn't have schooling but they have experienced life and these nuggets of knowledge are so crucial.
		Purity the way departed - no troubling anyone, no ticket thru hospital. It is glorious - thanks for setting an eg.
		celebration mood - departure with beads in her hands (reminds me of yamuna mataji) - thanks for eg.
		she used to say that him very intelligent and others also but he goes very deep. thanks for encouragement on my path.
		had eth and e1 settled - had great grand children - fortune. thanks for proactiveness (like parikshit)
			fruit when ripe it's time for it to break and it does that on its own.
		didn't cause trouble to anybody. like fruit is ripe and doesn't [need to] hold on to branch anymore. 
		Thanks for not becoming a burden on anybody - a life of giving service and not consuming service.
	Nanaji Gratitude
		I know about bronchitis and all but can't give this up. The force is so powerful. Thanks for helping understand power of maya.
		His love and support for science that wanted to arrange wedding with PhD in science. Thanks for valuing science.
		Very pure in earnings unlike some cousin brother troubles and troubled childhood. Thanks for righteousness in spite of situations.
		discouraging being enamored by glitter - for the sake of higher pursuits in life. Thanks for valuing higher pursuits.
			eg - no movie hair fashion, sending girls alone for yoga training but upinder mamaji convinced otherwise.
	Bauji Bibiji gratitude
		Cycle avoid fears - so live that experience again. Thanks for fearlessness.
		head massage after stair fall. Thanks for love that makes spiritual world relatable.
	babaji - he is my relative don't trouble him municipality people (thanks for putting power to right use)
		set my shoulder right and call me gadha whose good quality I have and shortcomings I have overcome (thanks for udna pudna and introspection stimulus)
Logs - Gratitude SQ
	Gratitude Vyasadev Pr - Eth is tailor made, cake is made, and cut to fit your mouth size - now all you gotta do is eat it.
		I can't tell what I discussed with RSP Prji regarding my dream but I can 1 thing - life is for Krishna and death is for Krishna.
		If only I knew this was the last time we were meeting, I will not have treated him like I did. Please value devotees all the times.
	KGP devotee who used to stammer - 6 anarthas sequence from him. His keep interest in spirituality very inspiring and down to the earth.
		very good friendship - talks about different things - how can we touch holy waters with feet - kachre ka sir kya aur per kya. We get purification by the touch.
		What if I don't know the answer - stay honest and say that you don't know the answer currently and you would get back and you should get back once you get the answer.
Logs - Gratitude - There is nothing better I could hope than working with Siemens and SAP in the beginning - it is blessing indeed. 1 of the best colleges for masters and bachelors - neighborhood with IIT KGP for good lectures giving foundation. Booming Internet, people, college colleagues, professors so knowledgeable, family awesome, spiritual team for foundation - thank you, transcendence.
Logs - Gratitude - (27/3)
	Transcendence for withdrawing me from vulnerability by govt level curfew.
	Govt for taking care for the society at large. being proactive.
	Roommates for being friendly and considerate. Some already aware of what not to cook. Others, when asked them not to cook a certain thing - immediately agreed.
	Family for being caring and showcasing the importance of self control.
	Transcendence for making it important cuz I can't travel with cough as a thing.
	Providence for ensuring that I didn't have token money given or rent agreement made else it would have been a very lossy deal.
	Transcendence for making me handle such situations thereby making me fearless, expert, experienced and healthy (arch).
	Kritika for interesting memes and engaging attention helping me evolve in my ashram.
	Society at large helping me with VA values - we stand together against pandemic - sharing contents, spreading awareness, distributing foods, making apps, jai mata di in isolation, thanking essential services sector at 5 with hand clapping, utensils and all.
Logs - Gratitude 25/3 - Great friendly talks with Anshul. Sharing videos with whatsapp friends. Family great guides and so much caring.
Logs - Gratitude - Good guidance from there. Even "Me Time" in ashram and together time.
	Breaking their shells to help me grow. Me speaking up. Team - inspiration of how excelling - pushing me for betterment. Myself - always positive.
	Accounting with parents and their appreciation - what's in my best self interest. Syami availability for communication and Surabhi didi - analysis and kaku's photos. Kaka's presence of mind. Syami's push. Family's guidance on not keeping all eggs in one basket.
Logs - Gratitude - Trans for current experiences for growth in growth in my EQ, family for being on my side and supporting me all this while; myself for ability to navigate thru this in positive attitude. Team members for being available for help on better achievements. Wholesome BYD experience.
Logs - Gratitude - 10/4
	Surabhi Didi - for appreciating my work on NLP notes. Encouraging and reinforcing my confidence in self; reasons to see myself with exceptional potential.
	Anshul - Prospects of misunderstandings in EQ life, understanding polity even when misunderstood, a phase in my ashram which makes me learn and grow.
	Family - Exceptional parenting and nurturing in past by Mama (being Superb - master and loving at everything) and Papa (guide and available in need), Syami for guidance, availability, fun; Surabhi didi for growth mindset, showing confidence, etc.
Logs - Gratitude 11/4
	Transcendence for Kritika being cheerful
	Kritika giving information first.
	Family - very strategic and giving fun time while ensuring evolution.
	Transcendence for the gates of knowledge and revelations and giving me in my conditional life much more than I could even conceive of getting.
Logs - Gratitude (14/4) -
	Akash for questioning the motion and speaking up your concern. Anshul defaulted the paying behavior. He resisted and volunteered to talk to owner - owner chose to pay himself.
Logs - Gratitude - Tejinder for sync like friend; family for discussions thoroughly; BYD team for exemplary architectural behaviors.
Logs - Gratitude Diary
	Thanks to parents they are stretching themselves so much for my marriage.
	Thanks to Syami for his always serving nature and being exemplary at score of things.
	Thanks to colleagues for example of always working for betterment of the product and doing POC, etc.
	Thanks to SAP for Career Canvas and other such forums. For being such a great company from which I have learnt so much.
	Thanks to Surabhi Didi for supporting the causes while not even being present - she is awesome.
	Thanks to Kritika for her ability to tolerate - authority on vacation - not so much to her delight.
	Thanks to transcendence for such super awesome favors - the people that I have to associate with during this life - what would I independently be - I perhaps would not have attained those things that I hold so precious.
Logs - Gratitude Diary - 26th June 2020
	Ras Anand Pr (Rajeev Pr) messaged me on whatsapp later for giving me wishes for marriage.
	Online Purchasing gave great assistance for buying cloth resources.
	Sreejith VP discussion - gave good pointers and healthy discussion about career.
		Grateful for SAP's different initiatives include Career Canvas for Early Talent.
	Code Review - healthy inputs from colleagues - very nice colleagues - they pinpoint the problem (competence) which factually is and don't discourage anybody from contributing.
		Grateful for such team. Sunil studies things in great details.
	Karthik healthy discussions and planned approach that is more mature - facing potential regressions vs taking it in backlog and doing it next time.
	Healthy discussions with family and lots of fun. Surabhi Didi regularly calling and helping me grow in ashram.
Logs - Gratitude diary - Kritika takes care of e1 mauli for e1 from Jalfa devi temple. Ensuring travel for guests.
Logs - Gratitude Kritika - ring for the life. Ac switched off herself cuz I said I feel chill.
Logs - Gratitude - Elders really trying their best to make it work. All good friendship and accomodating friends.
Logs - Gratitude - Papa for all the driving related learning and guidance in spite of all odds. Mama for being so loving and kind. Syami for friendly talks. Surabhi didi for her care.
	Transcendence for growth mindset and opportunity for growing ashram thru news, sports, driving, and musical instruments and books and ebooks.
Logs - Gratitude - Papa for such an unconditioning loving and caring; for training my mind for real life and ideas establishing the importance of psychological techniques.
	Mama for always busy serving and giving communication ideas.
	Repeating in spite of my not liking it cuz it is important for me - I can train him to not overdo it but how important it is, man
	"overdoing it" is not a problem, "not doing it" is and it is something for me to solve in my head.
Logs - Story - Helping friend when his cycle had to be received and when he had to buy stuffs from mall nearby - that's when he said that I could return flipkart material to these offline store saying that I didn't like reading the book. Managing my time around Secret Santa Gift and preparation for interview just started.
Logs - Story - Phone lost in ASR in front of jiju and once going out without wallet. Wallet fallen in BLR when pollution certificate, costly auto in JSR/ VIT. Forgot phone and purse in ASR.
Logs - Story - riot survivers - riot spread when I had gone for some DS interview - they gave rooms but we didn't want to stay overnight for foolish reasons.
Logs - Story - Dream - All clogged drains are flushed out leaving only traces of shit. She says her girlfriend (lesbian). Bad play can be made public - not to externally composed mama's delight and bad reviews. Killed a murdered and escaped.
Logs - Story - let's explore this new app in siemens - why I didn't try that.
Logs - Story - Time of terrorism and papa in Jammu medical college. As act of revenge cow beheading and thrown in temple and tension in areas surrounded by sikh communities. Such 3rd class ppl also exist and most terrible.
Logs - Story - dream - bare in front of manager and she says I should go to classrooms and give presentations. I have not given, I tell truth and she says ok do it now if not done before. Spouse manhandled and disapproval from all. What happened was enacted by apo and others after getting down from car and my previous manager discussion and he says it is wrong thing to do and a mistake. Suddenly rnsm appears and e1 including manager bows. I wish no personal attention and take his dust from puddle of water. A dev comes forward to comb my hair and adds that water. Class given by another dev so rnsm class must be elsewhere but where is my bag and shirt - gotta keep track of material configs in spiritual pursuits.
Logs - Story - A goon - College lift or hitchhike when the leader said mein bhai hai tera koi problem ho call me - surname made him think I am harijan which I was but in another way.
Logs - Story - jay shivaji, jay Maharashtra in trains. Special powder with vada paav.
Logs - Story driving - truck at back and you start backward thinking it's a pavement but get saved. Also, Problem of not stopping or turning in advance. Then deadlock in junction also cuz of impatient crowd. Once L-turn and person didn't stop seeing my slow motion.
Logs - Story - Jyotirmoy Pr went out to see Krishna in temple but temple closed but Jagannath Rath yatra in the way - nothing called accident in KC.
Logs - Story - Challenges - heavy rain kgp, goa bike lapse, cycle lost kgp, etc. Dancing in iiitb but withdraw saying that it's a distraction from what i want.
	Bhangra in primary school now core part of me so school foundation important. 
Logs - Story
	Acid Hcl is ok but h2so4 on girl in school days - it was terrible.
	Zip atakanaa in childhood.
Logs - Story - Nikhil paaji stories on tryst with law - power display - you know local police we know dgp so escalated to Higher level. Another, when political backup deviated police and also lawyers lying about hitting voluntarily a brand new car with scooter - first time by mistake second and third time intentionally that what can you do about it. Broken tooth two advantage immediate Mr called medical report more weight age than and later doctor fabricated one. Law know about such things. One cousin hit himself only to make a medical report against others. Julian has joined cloud data management team. They handle master data migration from one system to another through their services. Let's say a customer changes their product. Now they want to move all their master data in one system to another. SAP ensures that master data model of one system should migrate to another through their services seamlessly - maybe some mappings of implications but automatic migration at scale in cloud so cloud data management - this migration is just an example.
Logs - Story - Kritika roommates in Chandigarh and food. Cough story - mine that cook starting goor me when I coughed in front of cook.
Logs - Story - Kannada gotilla story. Wife cultivating relp with family and husband gets regulated by ecosystem - ideal stand. Be intel + smart - apply intel in real life situ.
Logs - Story - Udhampur climbing apartments story.
Logs - Story - Sagar - Ias question - bhagat singh, why Sunday, etc - have fun in discussions.
Logs - Story - Religious - jagannath temple vow of banana for pitri. Mystical - ash and shastra - sai temple - 7 comes from somewhere and gives it - not to be found again. Challan - bech raha hai kya - bargaining on amount. Bhutta pay me if tasty. DJ bhabhi. Ganna juice from oxen.
Logs - Story telling - talk about iq grats, talk about human interactions in the work - gotta be arch.
Logs - Story - Kritika - Tauji on 1st so no new year anymore. Tauji depression and also mummy. Skin cancer suspicion for 14 days cuz of bad medicine. Tauji understood that his stands affect others.
	Career - mba 2 years recruitment by mc6 same and 1.5 years work - recruitment by dubai firm but mummy problem so not proceeded. Go to Hyderabad question, but telangana phase and muslim fights in college and marriage planning. Initially reject over trivial reasons like height. Later, exposed by bhaiyya bhabhi - pattern recognition - nani told her desire. Earlier candidates - merchant navy guy - 2 months no work or cooking. Whom to talk with and can't live without work. Next guy from shimla a banker - wanted to start a bank and asked for a referral instead. Next engineer guy - should nit have met any man b4 - colleagues are men. After mumbai 2 months enjoyment and then applied in hdfc - work as per nature so money for likes. Jalandhar faced some stalking - so started going with male colleagues to avoid hooters in evening. Missed confirmation from hdfc postponed by 1 year cuz mama health not good. Close knit family so 1 person affects e1.
	Marriage syntax - ask parents for details at dfd levels.
Logs - Story - EQData - head massage on first time/ night. Service is so important - got up as if no more sleep reqd - with butterfly yesterday. Disturbance by ornaments - let's tolerate it together. Headache - so massage. No rest, same posture as her. Sore throat cuz water after milk - I didn't stop so suggested hot water. Bo sleep - let's make most outta plight. Make situation interesting ir haseen. Milk she couldn't drink so take a sip and I would drink the remaining proposed and did that. It was interesting story and growing love. Indications - so many clothes.
Logs - Story - In ashram we also have nic+e which are either too less or strong spirituality so much reduced or need to be supported by allies. I looked in the mirror and said I accept and love you in spite of your limitations and imperfections, all i care is that you have willingness for improvement.
	Day plans home erp - ask transactions planned from stakeholders so that plans are possible. Make active small plans like let's sit in garden. Include others not just us. Make plans for us in exits and reflection and retrospections on the day after it's over.
Logs - Story - teacher - story go ask roll number 41, sir he asks tough questions but 100 marks so can't complain but today going to principal; bunks for biology labs for playing football. Teacher day song and then resuming the class teaching - got an award.
	fracture - got chocolates so happy, animals we have bred;
	nani ma clutching mummy telling she won't stay so take material and blessings - mystical experiences. She left from mouth. all veins shrunk; 
Logs - Story - Accident with bike - had to be towed - familiar person so no fight but paid to him.
Logs - Story - flower bargain in Jharkhand, guddi gudda lai gayi, Punjabi speaking stories - jwaak, gaan nu lae jao, i take it as a lie.
Logs - Story - Thar car stalker - you don't know my father, and you don't know mine but internally shivering and took 4 hrs. Kudi vaali tez hai. Challan for that person - stalking, chedna - aage waale bande ko aawaz maar dungi. Ver smart.
Logs - Story - Naka in the wrong side then picking a fight with naka in charge giving legitimate reasons - wo kaise karega 6 months ka bachcha - another reason - to mar jaaye wo (in great anger and shout). Learn the art of fights - given va cause pick a fight - there are times to challenge rules cuz generalization is bad - there will always be valid exceptions.
Logs - Story - Kritika still missing family of course vidai time - brother like tom and jerry but cried though said he would dance. Kicking him why you sleep if i am awake - later he opened lids like tom and jerry. Kritika on 1 morning - ac chala de abhi. This affects me with how material world is planned by Krishna - it supports dutifully being detached with your fruits - also i recall vidai here.
Logs - Story
	Stories outta events - observations, obstacles. Statements and stands stakeholders took and how to weave them all together in an emotionally stimulating narrative.
		Eg - dual sim doesn't exist and he fought to get some time to consider trade-offs. Now we were in trouble - story is already weaved.
	Stories outta people - a new name - have a set of stories or anecdotes and key words that come with them.
		Eg - Sagar - Hajmola eaten all by himself causing blisters. UPSC neutral stand. Introduced her gf but didn't drill down so can't trigger.
		Career is a good way to start a person's intro.
	The purpose of all discussions in home erp is learning - master data learning, transactional ideas - observations and obstacles and solutions, config ideas (how they keep things set up).
		Plz respect yourself - you don't have to force yourself to joke.
Logs - Story - zille-allahi ghoshna by papa.
Logs - Story - While coming back, a friend said I will drive cuz I am mard and got an accident and then she had to drive the mard with his legs broken. saw old home where they used to stay.
Logs - Story - ole while coming home and breathing itself was difficult.
Logs - Story - Bijoy sir - abhi. Sports to police job.
Logs - Story - Fights between pahadi so no rishta in hp. Dj till morning but no alcohol - all Sufis drinking coconut water. Sonu Nigam - apna Bhai hai hit first to run away once counter opened. Wadali didn't know padmashri also bismillah khan - give salary. His disciple session on correlation between 7 chakra and swar.
Logs - Story - Amritsar Logs + Anecdotes - How was Kritika's first Amritsar stay after fera - 
	B4 fera - gaane khedna. Blessings of Jathere.
	IIM Road Walk and cool weather - prayed to god for rain - rain dance then gol gappe.
		Bad delivery boy (won't come to location you come to me - complaint threat); bad food service (threw it); got 50 Rs back (knock on the doors and doors open)
		Beta Kritika khatta nahi khati - Kritika ne mangvaya hai.
	Shopping - mall arrangements master data. My cards pin forgotten and no phone number with me for google pay. Later no whatsapp sent so follow up and assured that it works.
	Golden Temple - master data precautions. Remove mask to enter. She saw fish all gethered near her.
	Evening Walks - Transactional story on chappal nishaan. IIM road I took her thru but had to have sport shoes but only 1 day remained so didn't go ahead with it. Story not worth telling.
	Evening strolls on terrace while calling friends and relatives. Casual - more like logs.
	She found amritsar amusing - 10% people wearing masks. Casual more like logs. Unruly people disturbing street sleepers, dor incident when 7 had a close shave.
Logs - Story - decide granularity of stories just enough to be able to write an article or report on it.
Logs - Story - Cook - Macaroni - boil 2, ghee 4 spoon, 2 onion, 4 Tomato, 2 full spoon Salt, garlic 6, 1 Shimla mirch, grinded tomato and then malai 4 spoon, become 1 - add boiled Macaroni. Syami recipe but I cooked - question little bit for sanity check.
Logs - Story - Maang story, skates story, Hiranyakashipu story, children photo as car speed regulator story, etc.
Logs - Story - Rainwater dance udhampur. Roti cancel at home.
Logs - Story - mama's waking up at udhampur. Children correction thru write application, correct application. How do you stay with her - she is not teacher at home but mother. Papa's waking - questions - going school, Saturday still, which dress and wake up. 8th very happy to sudden sad when I left 3 questions on opposite side. College cheating - descriptive answer to numerical and e1 copied as if they had any substitute - e1 on same page - professor confused that there was no numerical. Question - differences between radar and antenna - all they knew was long range, small range but 5 marks - if you want to use for long range that not a good option because. For eg. Therefore, always use antenna for medium range.
Logs - Story - driving school - ppl readiness to fight and feeling controlled but so necessary. The foolishness of writing complaint in their diary but they still gave me few mins next day.
Logs - Story - Pune cooks - prayed to narsingha and person died by choking.
Logs - Story - BYD Case Study - I will present this cuz I worked on hand coded BO. Taken aback but with a thought - I don't mind if you present it but let's divide it among ourselves properly. Ok entire problem is mine. Focussing on purpose then polity effect nullified.
Logs - Story - dog attacking didi and you did nothing. So you do such unacceptable things. She was also once attacked I came to forefront but syami still ahead.
Logs - Story - Dream - in house with lots of dogs known for biting, n fear of Korea's authoritarian, and jump off cliff successful and no biting.
Logs - Story - Papaji walking, naked sun bath, fields walking, interaction with jatts. Sona didi gudiya on on bhut Bhuva svaha - only tune was right. Maasi nu bahar kaddo - kedi gudti. Driving - small mistake, point out for power asap. Ask from others isn't micro-instruction but input and we decide on dhyan for needful - eg open window means insert key to start engine and then open window. If you follow only micro-instruction then you look like a fool and especially in driving avoid micro-instruction following, only inputs unless urgent. Real life lesson from driving unless too objectionable, people accept you as car in runtime configuration. Config is compile and runtime - think State machines in cs. Discussions over configs like why were you driving fast. Mistake of wide turn but also others shouldn't overtake but ppl in real life do so good driving reqd. Driving - st ppl are Eveready for fight, from maruti driving school, let's play but not that there's urge but readiness many a times hand gesture does it. Speak it b4 action - shows you in control but also microcontroller so take advantage of delays to correct or advocate expected behavior - that's positive and also power giving. Solution act in advance. Aware of transaction and others space - like you forgot your phone in car. Like I can open door or clean car while you get ready.
Logs - Story - Fire accidents with Ruhi and Aindra Pr. Life changes in hours.
Logs - Story - Syami's passport escalation story cuz of spelling mistakes and worked with officer.
Logs - Story - Home Paint b4 marriage.
Logs - Story - Mukka chuna left on mouth so caused injury.
Logs - Story - Siemens and prank call - 1 lakh lottery - gimme after subtraction; I found gold - the software you use - I make them. Give it to police. 
	Car advance then I will deliver it w/o a cost for test drive - the trap is in khatt lya triggers - a little too much but still believable.
	Story of tower near bypass - that's a good place - you know how big bypass road is. Just have some money in bank and give us details that's trap.
	Her mum's depression in kitchen that she could die now that daughter is gone.
Logs - Story - Dream - She is sorry and I ask her to bare in front of family. Being transprent, nothing opaque - present yourself as you are, no politics.
Logs - Story - Domino creation for SAP. Track creation for a rail car. Make structure from sticks that can withstand a brick. Use sticks to create a car - car race later. Introduce yourself with a stunt - I used push ups. Panja match won. Basketball won.
Logs - Story - Syami case study of career. And awareness - retrieved my phone. Presented ice cream. Deconstructing things for me. 10 Rs falling short when in 3rd. Taking initiative to lock things up. Thievery and checking up everything. I am bigger brother - that's just pride but such statements should not affect you cuz vector or matrix greater than other is rare. Even if it is and you get affected by it, if you can't make your brother as your ally then it's hopeless.
Logs - Story - Dream - E1 knows about it and I am joking - chidi ud, kaan ud, shadi ud, dulhan ud, dulha ud. What was the real reason - like usual, as said by langda tyagi in that movie - other guy chakkar. His friend or cousin crying will she have to suffer her bad karma - well, small mistake and don't have to worry karma takes care of itself. I don't wish bad but karma should take its processings for evolution.
Logs - Story - 1 devotee wanted to interview and I changed my seat. Cycle stolen. Cycle accident.
	I was member of CDS club in college.
Logs - Story - Train seat fight - Bus seat fight girl quota said the lady we complied - train seat - we gotta fight - no limit to which they can fall.
	Train fight of free book cuz of donation. I can't touch BG.
	You gotta be skeptic while BG distribution. Having a car would be great for BG distribution.
Logs - Story - Madhurya case study - HIMYM
	KV - NiD - friendship very casual.
	NITJSR - Train journey fun but too busy with other life activities.
	Parul - Refused dinner proposal.
	IIITB - Casual talks but never took off - personal guidance, choosing your ideal partner, Cafe talks.
	Divya - thought of possibility but other filters checking and different geography so never tried but crush and I never expressed and no1 lives without their options - like seeing in restaurant.
	AnshulP's sis - I am very frank - you liked her.
	Pratima Sharma - parallel targetting - girls never run outta options. Many cuisines tried. whatsapp bad responsiveness. You gotta respect the famly and busted.
		Approaching her in rain.
	Komal Dikshit - fascinated but social drinking habit. Met her parents in BLR. Her mother no response => no response from her.
	Sakshi Surya - Only phone - Left her job and was busy with interviews. She withdrew and I also wanted the same.
	Sonia Sharma - made an excuse of having gone thru serious medical operations.
	Akanksha Dubey - Ask yourself whether you are forcing yourself. I am not excited.
	Kritika Bharadwaj - married without willingness.
Logs - Story - COVID Recovery first hand experience of a friend
	no beds, only serious patients - mild symptoms - paid quarantine. Hospitals not admit no matter what. Hotel with medical facility. Not at home. Took around a month.
	Positive mindset is ok but not covid. Especially - imagine things. Routine time spending. talking to people. Vitals checkup by nurses.
	breakfast - massive - everything allowed. Hotel - no restrictions. No home cooking.
	proteins good. Ever outta control - only imagination - anxiety attacks. When alone - symptoms get worse - panic starts. recover but infecting others.
	Medicines and immunity boosters. 1-2 days before test came negative heavy chest. Cough in throat, in chest heaviness - like normal disease. Socializing.
	CT scan, x-ray done. Breathing was not ever a problem. Private time not much a talker. Writing your programs.
	You feel nose blocked but no cough. Severe sore throat - could not swallow. Gargled - hot water has helped you. Physically not to worry - keep yourself positive mentally.
	pre-medical conditions; work out helps a lot. 30 mins - first line of defence. Yoga also. 90K cases increasing cuz of more tests. Delhi survey - antibodies test of 100s or 1000s of sample - antibodies. Asymptomatic.
	It's only 1 time thing right - 1 day cold or cough. antibodies going really low. Re-occuring is less but antibodies do decrease with time. But virus is remembered.
	reinfection is less. In short span recovering - quite happening, strain with that also. Food. Take proper rest and not travel; immunity is low.
Logs - Story - 200 mistaken with 20 Rs notes by some customers.
Logs - Story - Crying out to lord that plz gimme freedom from this. When Nangal story didn't work.
Logs - Story - Locked inside in VIT College and call saved me. Independence day celebration there. Some attractions there. Encountering little bit politics there - I will fail e1.
	kudos from colleague in SAP for my product deep knowledge b4 he went joined company at MS or GS. Facility of research from Mayank after discussions with me but I didn't want.
Logs - Story - Can't figure where Curd's malai goes away - Charu mausi caught red handed adding sugar to malai and she informs with scream - don't tell, will share with you.
Logs - Story - HK Mangot - Make friendship with clerk for easy work and you gotta do it and I feel pity that you have friendships with clerks.
Logs - Story - 
	No gift for spouse's relatives - took suggestions from Syami who is more inexperienced than I - handling gf ain't same thing and you should not disregard your maturity in front of others.
	Surabhi didi confirmed that that didn't sound ok to her. She was definite about it.
	Good suggestion from mama regarding the move being wrong cuz it's not reciprocative. I took initiative to prepare her mind that I ain't ordering and cancelled the order.
	Syami insisted and papa suggestion affirmed that I should think of it as investment - their statements was confirmation to what I was already thinking.
	So biggest of all it's my lapse that I followed others like a lamb and didn't have e1's agreement on same page - cuz it wasn't even possible - I tried but failed - I had to lean on 1 side cuz 0 or 1 lies in my hands - I decided thinking of it as investment cuz I thought I was losing her and wanted to make sure she was with me.
	So it became not only emotional loss but also financial loss but did this not have to happen, given that husband does so much for a wife but she earns in this case. So my natural instinct was right all this while - not completely but to a good degree.
	I was even fearful when she was even saying apple smartphone that I would gotta give - you didn't understand that women are manipulative although simple in general which is pretty natural in material world. Don't hate this lapse but think of this lapse as your earning.
	other lapse that didn't happen but could happen - legal issues - 7 can put allegations which are not even true - so ensure your social stands are legal compliant always. Recall no helmet driving for ex-brother in law.
	so winning her over was my real mistake - even after marriage.
Logs - Story - head massage on suhag raat. Waking midnights and I consoling her. I also won't sleep if you don't. Tolerating chill.
Logs - Story - Pushkar mamaji annoyed when chastised and beaten by his tauji cuz the children were fighting. Lose respect thus.
Logs - Story - mar gaya diggi diggi ...will cremate 2mro - let me hav fun with body today.
	Janeu mein chabi remember cricket camps, chess camps, etc in school.
	petha, gud waale chaval. Papita in Udhampur.
Logs - Story - 2 monitor screens and 1 large screen and 1 left by previous guy - my neighbor stole 1 of them temporarily but why would I complain.
	was helpful for Start scripts run and multiple views for workspace to solve a problem.
Logs - Story - book sold to a driver who gave a lift till next spot - very exciting to share KC with him. BD experiences - my hands are dirty - trans purpose is important.
Logs - Story - Udhampur cuz higher education and huge duration in school - 6 sections schools and so many teachers - good quality teachers who laid good foundation.
	huge campus and so fortunate to have studied there.
	Teachers encounter - bilori aankhein, yakeen nahi to puchho roll number 41 se. I am taking him to principal office. Not giving you marks. Kitna sharif lagta hai.
	teachers day song. Bijoy Sir play with, english madam, Vikram sir - how's weather up there; admin duties given, even paper correction, Maths sir fan, chemistry, physics - tough sir, good looking teacher, TT overriding madam, Badminton with national player, bijoy Sir and good players like funny computer teacher, very fast speed and tea to all - 2/3 kar de.
	HTML my first computer practical. slideshow, desktop background, word designs, excel in asr, interesting science mindmaps in udhampur, virus ain't that.
	slapping or thrashing banned - Pankaj Sir, Manish Sir once and his parents came that child can't hear - give him water - I won't take water - then there will be no talks in anger - drank water - let me see asked questions revealing that problem is fabricated (does teacher hit, what happened, did you stop hearing immediately, I asked even softly) - called and reprimanded in front of parents and later consoled the teacher, warning him and giving no memo.
	SD Nagpal always had the latest tech coming like computer labs and yoga room, gym room, geography room, science labs, fully equipped, suggestion box, Morning assembly meetup plannings.
	Morning performers like movies, skits, magic show, Vivekananda, etc.
Logs - Story - Log shadi kyun karvate hain. yahi ghisa pita reason milta hai. I can't leave my family. Why I kept rejecting ppl in beginning - bigger reason I didn't want to marry.
	Maths exam tension in NITJSR. Bad exam. Java excuse for fall but later at Infy. sine die at nit jsr. CDS club member. infy exam ppc jammed, girl in tensin - many girls and cute ones but i said no.
	cyber cafe and cool weather - fun all the time 
	Nangal case receipt for purchase on whatsapp. Phone buy, no phone other phone but all online transactions. Golden temple.
	Rajni didi marriage pandit case. Extending myself for marriage. running with services - also a sardar guy.
	cases, theory behind unwillingness, learnings, zoom car story.
	charu mausi in bhutan.
Logs - Story - Cylinder leak mausi's cousin; I/V IIITB, Too simple Question so I won't answer.
Logs - Story
	Papaji saw shooting 1st hand in ASR - bullet sound on terrace and e1 ran down; it was babbi's bro victimized; dadis relatives; sensitive time - declaration gonna happen in 1-2 days eat laddus - so lapse not really - admin flaw can be corrected but when public believes in shit it's difficult.
	DSP, Deputy general cuz forced resign 1 day b4 so revenge, You know any scooter nearby, jatts used to support but no after victimized; poisoned the minds - harmonious b4 - the root had gone very deep so 10 years to take it out - trying governers capable changing every 6 months but KPS gills was distinguished.
	Hell on earth at that time 14 aug - arrested boys flag hoisting; bekari is the problem.
	log behkate hain, behkaane waala chahiye. Infos come from intelligence also.
	Economy can help but such grats are much higher than mental pleasures - it's ego pleasure - right spirituality can help but not for unwilling people.
	Failure of intel that kashmir and punjab terrorism happened - no, little lapse but greater success - kasmir was easier for pakistan for their ideology - same cult across boundaries and easy to cross.
Logs - Story - BD - aise hi jild reh jayegi.
Logs - Story
	Dubey Sir in PGI Chandigarh college when learning trip was planned - we are going to benaras - oh I thought varanasi - angry and compassion look - these boys don't know train directory - lesson from it - he's social science master blaster and knows essence of science.
Logs - Story - necessary kolkata dev - using their bucket - unlock grats. asking RSP to join - mails to KTP.
Logs - Story - Ppl recording papa's words of motivation and made their family hear it who came back and felicitated papa for his erudition.
Logs - Story - Bauji to papa - why are you not 1st - anything lacking from our side? nothing - he stood 1st in practical the next term.
Logs - Story - papa gave a lecture in unversity cuz his mentor was outta country and their minds were blown - congratulated after the class. He taught the essence of things.
	trust of his teacher on him - teacher would caught in any way - make friendship with clerk and later - pity that you have friendship with clerks.
	write papers thru clerks - will be useful later.
Logs - Story - Vivek Bhagat train travel - air flight cancelled - wrong cancellation, MMT refunct helped over customer care. Wrong booking once.
Logs - Story - threw stone at a guy in primary school and got punished.
Logs - Story - a training camp at school used for eating shehtoot eating. Comes under adventure experiences.
Logs - Story - bus with last year day pass ticket. So complained but no response to the mail. That's cheating. Bus harami - didn't stop where he should have so I urged him to stop me at next stop for same rate as punishment.
Logs - Story - applications of physics - making altar in my room in NIT JSR.
Logs - Story - Internet story in general - my story with internet - google first search engine, results of metric and later entrance, MS for PC, HTML in Udhampur, orkut and Computers lab science learning cd, KBC game, FB at Infy, Cyber cafe fun at Infy, small airtel packs and Jio personalized later. GPRS at JSR b4 wifi first for us after wired access - even at KGP.
Logs - Story - Pathankot travel incident - Lizard incident - distracted by loud noises and her fear and urge to stop immediately on 1st lane of national highway - there was divider I could get on - at least lizard would have gone away. Overtaking from left while turn and 7 coming back. kheer from verka 252 kms a day so my first intercity travel.
Logs - Story - my animal related stories - monkey bite, dogs in factory, killing lizard on floor, accidental kills, cows in childhood and calf licking in bangalore cowshed, pegions taken outta home in udhampur, in Bangalore, Honey bees taken out in Blr, honey bees chhatta broken 1 day, docile bull in blr, horse ride in gulmarg, etc.
	leopard's jump in Bannerghatta, Dogs encounters in jsr, pune. Childhood dog chase. I am tired from bilal's brother.
Logs - Story - sugriva cave.
Logs - Story - Sagar Ratna - Papa's thali eaten by others. Curd didn't taste good so papa will eat it.
Logs - Story - School social studies expositions - science projects - Pav bhaji for the judges (true about maharashtra but also bribed). Project jokes. Facing camera for fridge for rural villages.
Logs - Story - Car Parking - Involving mastery over Communication
	owner needs her parking space to be vacated for next tenant which was sublet - you can't sublet without permission of owner.
	it was not allowed to be sublet - gesture of goodwill. Token of appreciation gift - no worries, just have it vacated.
	many people worried - tenant that how you sublet without our permission and why you don't even recall his number - they innocent at saying that you said 20 days - yes, wfh started after that so I continued at home - I assured them that I will settle the matter and that they didn't have to worry.
	Owner worried - I told them that it was case of communication gap - ideally they should have been informed at the time of leaving but I will take full responsibilty for the matter and that they didn't have to worry even a little bit.
	I had original idea of either paying for the time I use the space and asked if someway it could be worked out.
		Owner said no and even that I should not contact their tenant.
	Another idea that I had originally and still was an option was to return to Bangalore - new project, RC and the car favored it but Ropar divorce case was strong reason against it.
	3rd issue that was proposed by the owner herself was that I courier the keys to a friend who will move the car out 
		so had to share with a friend who knew driving (Tejinder - observe how important networking is, in life - in varna and here, in ashram - who can be leveraged) 
		many exception handling involved - give him only room key - not both keys; talk to 3rd roommate cuz what if he's not there when the keys arrive.
			make another copy of keys and send original to him cuz not working copy of the key ain't an option 
				hand work < machine work of making a copy.
			need to guide him afterwards so inform roommate to be available not only then but also be aware now so as to not make some vacation plan in short term 
				hiding such facts at such junctures also not important anymore.
		keeping everyone in loop of development - coordination with right sequence s.t no1 is agitated and e1 is relaxed.
	The maintenance incharge was upset cuz he was searching for right person for 3 days trying to satisfy the owner and threat of brute removal of the car outside 
		I solaced him that I was sorry that you had to go thru that
		Share me her number - he said I should take from tenant cuz he was not allowed - I said I would do that properly and in a very coordinated way.
			should I not obtain the owner's contact of previous tenant, I will ask you to share her number only with her prior permission but let's see - I will do that in a very coordinated way.
		explained it away with psychological principles and assured him that I would coordinate the things and that there would be no problem.
		should have affirmed into his head - "so the problem is solved" and "everything is taken care of", "it's settled now, talked with owner also".
	Thank God that it was saturday and weekdays used to get me agitated enough to not be able focus on work. That there was strong reason put forward of Ropar divorce case and willingness to travel also important but best interest computed. Thank God that such stretching ensures that we don't succumb to MOI and grow.
Logs - Story - Water splashed over the body on rainy day when wanted to keep car windows open to enjoy the weather.
Logs - Story - Many red flags ignored 
	looks of his father, her look on introvert. I just gotta manage to stay there for few days. I am in house arrest. Only I keep speaking - both speak but it's no competetion. She had trouble with everybody from colleagues to people she met in camps - everywhere but more the time spent, difficult it becomes to reject the "trivial" details. That's the trap.
Logs - Story - ICICI debit card must for password reset and contacting didn't help so gotta payback for my credit card and remove salary account - the issue of using different IFSC code than yours but it works as per HR and younger colleagues so take payroll guys word for it.
Logs - Story - Resilience growth with the car keys - how are you? well, cultivating resilience - when you put yourself in that state, that becomes your very nature - he said and I agreed.
	at this stage, the very fact that keys are there, means that manipulation or orchestrations are possible to arrange the car to be moved out in a very secure and reliable way.
	of course, lapses can happen in life with gaps in exception handling but "network is net worth" is true to handle it once we are unable to catch the immediate exceptions.
Logs - Story - testing in company - 1.5 years there and then developer later - actual was vv.
	and as is for testing - who is gonna test until you can justify it.
Logs - Story - remember we used fight over dumbest things - candy, etc.
Logs - Story - Radar and antenna difference - Radar is radar. Radar can't be used as antenna and vice versa. Where radar can be used only radar can be used and not antenna.
	5 points banaa ke maana. got 3 marks outta 5. Use word peep in sentence - He peeped since morning - noun not used cuz that would expose I don't know.
Logs - Story - Syami - so bad ratta that answer is 42 - reverse order of physics theorem forgotten but remembered the sequence of steps.
Logs - Story - ISKCON visit in Mysore and ditched by some so called helping people. Started explaining probs with sanyasi to which I said you are those ppl 
	ok, I got nth to do with controversies - just interested in Krishna.
	called for a session once in bangalore during darshan 
		well decent presentations and donations they called for after session and tried for tie up with me for IIITB session which they did without me later on.
		Lots of economic facilities and Little Krishna show theater - which I have no problem with 
			although some people may not like it but they ain't forcing you - just facilitating gratification and that too spiritually centered so why bother.
Logs - OSume - Bangalore Outbound
	Deepak Raghu Deepika Kiran Shrikant Monica
Logs - OSume - Kritika's talents resume - dancing (saki saki b4 reward), confidence, arguments.
    Cleared another bank audit company 3 months back but didn't proceed with it.
Logs - OSume
	3 mantras after waking up - mahamrityunjay trayambakam, ganpati - vakra tunda mahakaay, devi mata - sarvamangal mangalye.
	There's sth very attractive about you. Revealed my kayen vacha mantra after ganesh aarti.
Logs - OSume - Kritika another meaning - Karthik's caretakers - kritikaein.
Logs - OSume - Kritika - smart and good nature.
Logs - OSume - First thing we gotta bath after waking so no1 knows you were late. Talk about kalollan of people related or seek about their whereabouts.
Logs - OSume - Jalfa devi - You first visited temple and then mountain view - so you value temple or visiting the temple more - this means that perhaps you have been visiting there since childhood.
Logs - OSume - Kritika - Amit tondon comedy canvas, zindagi milegi Na dobara, bal padna, concerned - is your arm ok,
Logs - OSume - Kritika - songs till early morning. Tax returns by father. Dance on saki saki song. Zumba. No or slow pace songs in mornings.
    Emotional movie - hamari adhuri kahani. Imran songs. Watching ongoing movies not by IMDb. Swimming sometime.
    Hobby - places visiting. adventures - paragliding done, scuba diving. Career trace. Head massage. Ball jaldi padna.
    Muh pakna, incompatible foods, sensitive to bad air. Sensitive eyes, etc. Low bp problem.
    Doesn't tell lies - only in game of bluff.
    Honesty but not at cost of political correctness - like bank atmosphere or in front of liar - in personal life, doesn't expect, doesn't be.
    What any you - I am, but hierarchies like butcher asking for direction of animal - I will perhaps lie.
    Temple first then photos. Jalfa devi, Thursday fast. Eq nic - driving yet to learn.
    Cooking very less but good whenever she does like pizza, halua, sandwich, bambinos, etc.
    Organising and planning home stuffs - logistics. Home nuskhe - haldi for ants to go away.
    Fav flower - orchid, lily. Fav color - baby pink, blue, white. Etc
Logs - OSume - Favorite Movie - Jab We Met 70 times. Passions in free time - online purchase new kinda jhoole and what not.
Logs - Discussion - Going to drink water and then to toilet - Pehla maruthal hun tsunami
	santara juice banan gaya hai jaan santare ugaan gaya hai.
Logs - Discussion - be full of examples, relate.
Logs - Discussion
	How to make a ticket get lost into some ghost component and making it disappear from any visibility 
		remove all the parameters from it - it will appear in no1's queue and problem solved!
Logs - Discussion Hospital 7 more expenditure than anticipated
	Modi scheme for no expense for hospital but no ration card.
	Admission to private hospital while could easily afford government scale.
	Then they took loan from 7 on 10% - how afford - well, compromise with 100g rice a day but it's their worry. Such situation we can extend with money - of course, with intelligence.
		ask from sarpanch first. Don't make it appear without strong effort - consume their time so as to ensure to them that it is some deal to you not "not a big deal".
	Spirituality - Sometimes you can't think normally in tension so why analyse their mistakes - that's true, but being separate it is also a case study to analyse and learn from. Not a tool to lose empathy but being rational cuz of advantage of less hit on mind.
Logs - Discussion - Important to have fun with your subject - gives you a wow feeling with the subject - a program called nat geo junior in school days.
Logs - Discussion - pull request with old commit not accepted - making changes and then force pushing with amended commit.
	curious that the commit is for yesterday - cuz only message was amended.
Logs - Discussion IQ - Kuchh to gudbud kar rahe ho - what happened - you didn't join for Prost - yes, cuz I was not feeling well - but you are available for tomorrow right - yes I am.
Logs - Discussion
	A friend - strike a deal with them - say, I give you 50 Rs extra if you give me a change of 500 or pay me 100 Rs for a swipe of 100 Rs - needed for AC bus fare for airport - demonetization time. Better still, buy something from him.
	Some silly maths mistake - come on man, I didn't skip my 3rd class in school.
Logs - Discussion Ideas - any topic ongoing - think of a statement to be spoken - even if as simple as empathy - yes sure. Vs 100 steps is quite a lot - better than silence st for relp devp - relp devp works with communication. No excuse allowed like oh well i am introvert - you must master it that's why subject taught in school - some more into poetry and others into application.
	Syami - discussion trigger - others nic+e - o bhai mein aa raha teri shadi mein - jaldi program bana.
Logs - Discussion - pivot to master data, exploring for info, share similar incident of your own - eg of syami while interacting with family. Total jokes recall.
Logs - Discussion - Narrative Handling - Logic on narrative stay longer with us - favorable args - you have wfh, do it with us. Bargain approach in installments. Internal reason is car learning - external reasons can be (like cc) - parents want me to be with them - it's been long I visited them. Kritika will like the original state revisited after marriage.
Logs - Discussion - Narrative Handling - Logic on iphone - too costly, I don't like its value for money and play store missing.
Logs - Discussion - Evening wali talk - introduce places, general stories, talk abt what you are doing, bitch about systems and govt eg mumbai drainage that every year, recall related funs of the past - eg mumbai water clogged then travel in shorts.
Logs - Discussion - Start off with any master data or purpose and then navigate to any topic of any data type.
Logs - Discussion - Boring that I worried that she could get sore throat - threw away but ordered - mummy appa ko maine jawaab dena hai.
    You are married to a very khurafati person - ab to fere ho gaye - Can I undo - she angry - sorry sorry.
    Bluff card game - oh you tell truth also; this game is ok but can't lose on wife's front. Cards in air - equivalent of money throwing.
    Let's call it draw. Show me your eyes - i only see mischief. See the notorious laughter.
Logs - Discussion - Communications content - what happened with the members in past, happening or config related (how's health), is being planned to do.
	Like Syami, so many things are simultaneously in parallel going on with him. Family tensed cuz blowing things outta proportion but Kritika will gimme time.
	Networking hi kamai hai - if any problem who will help in Bangalore. Will you call asr? We need friends for opportunities, grievance handling, ideas downpour, etc.
Logs - Discussion - Navigate from Master data to config data - that's why I keep chocolate in car.
Logs - Discussion - Master Data - GNDU library falling on you. khalsa college 1919 made of moong daal instead of cement. IIM.
    She wouldn't look at me while showing dresses well cuz of premise of asking to see her while changing. Otherwise she was open.
    Self worth resume in pies - I can joke in a situ - easy said than taking full responsibility for it.
Logs - Discussion - Be mughle-azam later. Every statement is a standardization to joke about.
    Eg - dual SIM. Trace of everything that happened like login without Google account
    then weave those statements and observations together for fun mix.
Logs - Discussion - Let me prepare to become better on socializing thru MBA kinda behavior.
	https://www.tutorialride.com/gd-on-social-issues/group-discussion-on-humanity.htm
	what emotions are triggered; what goes in society - abstraction of all the news.
		Eg - marriages have their DMPM. In execution trace, there are exception classes that need to be handled - those are the GD topics.
	Marriage - what emotions are triggered; what goes in society - abstraction of all the news.
		about - marriages have their DMPM. In execution trace, there are exception classes that need to be handled - those are the GD topics.
		PM - and exception classes for each of them. Think news. Think what triggers judgments in us.
			searching and finalizing
				inter-race, religion, caste
				same gender
			Family commitments - roka
				Dowry.
			interactions and functions and get togethers
				love marriages, arranged marriages.
			marriage
				lost its value
				signing prenuptials, Overspending should be banned.
				Group marriage
				marriage west vs india.
			grihasta life
				sex b4 marriage. divorce over bad sex.
	Multimedia
		Effect of Cinema on Youth,
		Effect of Television on Youth,
	Hospitals
		Euthanasia
	General Business Institutions
		Child Labour
	Religious orgs - Hate culture vs humanity.
	Abstract Topics - Kindness or intelligence, Too much empathy
	Climate
		Climate change vs industrialization.
	Space travel
		wastage vs opportunity
	Technology - threat or savior.
	guns - killing humanity.
Logs - Discussion
	You gotta change for marriage
		Gradual vs button press - e1 needs and e1 does but seasons don't change in a day.
		Natural - Of course, cuz happiness of both depend on each other. So can't help but do it.
		Premise - Need for this question - but you are no1 to follow up about change - can't speak it though.
		Ideal - need to accept the person for present and pave way for future - how will we accept each other in vulnerable time if we can't accept the sheer nature cultivated in 30 years.
		vision - Relationships are not about what I get but what I give - and that's my focus. I don't have to be someone but do whatever is necessary or arrange or orchestrate. else I won't be 1 she fell in love with (if it was love marriage).
		Superficial vs willingness - the differences are superficial and don't really matter - our NIC already get met thru different forums and these superficial differences matter when willingness is missing. Does Sachin need to marry with female cricketer - well there is a value difference. Then only singers should marry. Do we want complementary marriages or marriages with your duplicates that enjoys with you and suffers with you but don't feed each other to maximize overall happiness and minimize overall suffering by 1 covering the voids for others.
	You stay with us for more days
		Need based - Transactional limitations TT.
			More - 1 then can be handled by giving a narrative, too many then problem.
			Interviews preparation.
		Concerns it will cause problems - with me or others or you.
			I need RSA card. Some missing link is missing.
			Family waiting for me - after so long we met.
			Charm will be lost - why don't I come again next week. It doesn't serve if I stretch - my presence will be nondifferent from absence; I am sure this is not what we want.
		Interest - what I, you and others gain if I go ahead with my plan.
		Tools - 
			Decision - No more convincing, but that's what I am doing - cuz come later.
			Bargain. Next time or this time.
			Give an alternate narrative.
			Please I accept stretching my schedule, you also be empathetic towards my concerns.
			Postpone the discussion with of course or sure, will talk, don't worry about it.
			My trouble exposed - if you say I will stretch but I don't feel very happy about it.
Logs - Discussion - Puzzles asking like prashn pooch raha hoon, uttar kya hai - ek disha hai. What is microphone? True/false - "what" is not a microphone.
Logs - Discussion
	Future, Past - Transactions with us, with you, with me.
	Eg - Dinner on 15th, how's prep for UPSC and gyming going on, Having fun at ASR with new life - actualizing the marriage jokes - like what 
		2 golden rules for marriage being wife is always right and if you think she is wrong slap yourself and read rule again. Very good jokes but I can't figure whether I should laugh or cry with those jokes.
Logs - Discussion - pattern recognition - log or story of transaction at start. 2 turns - master explanation (dag) then more corroborating stories or transaction plans; Analytics - roll up summary - adjectives, adverbs, layer change - personal to society (turn to different stories or master), or theorizing in turn affecting future transactions, or prediction or prescription for future - all affecting transactions. These are all serious content givers but must decorate thru rasas or emotions - joking being 1 of them.
Logs - Discussion - Read an ad upgrad -> small conversion changes every day, transformation over long periods. 
	Support - how river direction changes over time - small changes big results.
Logs - Discussion - Joke - o mera batna batna song.
Logs - Discussion - Syami - this mistake baad mein royega saale. Intelligent ho rahe ho hamri sangati ka asar hai - bezti na karyo ab. Wah ladka seekh raha hai.
Logs - Discussion - Invent logics - dag dependence - other end person can solve it. Why not 2mro - cuz weather. But ... Standardization - khatra hai - par khatron se hi baazigar bante hain.
Logs - Discussion - She said why i was not open enough to tell them that clothes ain't fit - psychology that no defect in beginning but why waste their money. So tell it.
Logs - Discussion - Given a result, backtrack to their efforts for fun discussions.
	Master data exploration of work - what you do, where do you get leads from, etc - anecdotes recall.
Logs - Discussion - Life logs achievements - I have earned a name for myself.
	Transaction logs - I never told my parents, they figured and they wanted to reinforce.
Logs - Discussion - Master - bank - safes no ventilation and complications, lunch time no and green tea overdose. Master data.
	Learn to divide your 24 hrs s.t you do full justice to things widely that matter to you and deeply aptly. Don't use smartphones during meetings - rather don't be in the meeting.
Logs - Discussion - Our hand lines are same now - abhi and my face match. It takes my thumb for bank - if your hand is mine, then so is your thumb. If I am yours and money is mine then money is yours - they returned that money later so all just for fun - ppl are good by nature but anarthas ew which should be dealt with properly.
Logs - Discussion - opportunity - i have book store now - so means we will get free books from now.
Logs - Discussion - Our hand lines are same now - abhi and my face match. It takes my thumb for bank - if your hand is mine, then so is your thumb. If I am yours and money is mine then money is yours - they returned that money later so all just for fun - ppl are good by nature but anarthas ew which should be dealt with properly.
Logs - Discussion - Master - bauji was Sarpanch
Logs - Discussion - You have bias for fun or maze that geda road, or thinking pranks, serious hokr kahaan jaana hai.
Logs - Discussion - Syami ordered new phone, taken new hotstar membership, bought new car - so what are the triggers for new purchase - experience for standardization, old one gives troubles like laptop with slow speed cuz hdd not sdd.
Logs - Discussion - What was most thrilling moment of your life.
Logs - Discussion Romantic - dil ki raahon mein jag jaayeinge itne diye mohabbat ke. Jagamagati Jaagati raat hai. Raat hai ya taaron ki baarat hai. Jhumta aasman, Gaati zamin.
	Ab kya karen ham. Dil ki daali pe kaliyan khilne lagin - jab nigahe milne lagi.
Logs - Discussion Romantic - tum se hi din hota raat aati hai.
	Tauba tumhare ishare - tum hi batao koi tumse milke dil koi kaise na haare. Aankhon se bol rahi ho.
	koi nasha hai chhalka chhalka. Hosh halka sa reh gaya.
Logs - Discussion - Syami - with people - standardize or abstract pattern recognition or some interesting observations like mama expressions after milk boil, some stories at finger tips.
Logs - Discussion - mela laga hoga ghar pe.
Logs - Discussion - Reading facebook and talking about it - sharing funny jokes, etc. Redmi 8 after IPhone - didn't argue cuz after losing it, was just avoiding gaaliyan.
Logs - Discussion - I just followed youtube videos to do that (psychological reducing expectations) - well we are passengers of the same boat then, that's how I do it. You are black horse - it was so delicious.
Logs - Discussion - helping others with their transactions. Even triggering them. Like her marriage. What are her assets. Can talk sometime. Gori Chitti hai.
Logs - Discussion - whenever some pain is felt, there is a need for a buy.
Logs - Discussion - Nic+e planning around what's told vs seeking it like syami. Eg - Bhiya serious ho? 
Logs - Discussion - Talks on intellect home erp, social erp and then beliefs for different erp levels.
	Talks about beliefs, achievements across years, experiences and emotions thru years, etc.
Logs - Discussion - beliefs - I believe live today like no tomorrow. What I believe is best approach for buying - meet your requirements and then trade offs. Khush raho aur rakho. Tensions avoided thru calling it destiny and bund marao attitude.
Logs - Discussion - polity - understate or overstate blatantly - 5 days talked about like 2 days or a week - if coming for 2 days then no use. Sticking with narrative in spite of everything. Solution - such a high flight that others start to applaud you in front of these narrative formers. He has spoken on Thursday, he is done for the year quota - oh, you hurt me by saying that - I speak as is - which is discouraging for me to give more. Attitude is how to extract most fun outta ashram realm - make a resume.
Logs - Discussion - you don't call us - I made a call parso - no - well, Thursday I can prove it
    I was waiting for your call. Finally I have it - will you make him call - why, you don't like to call me; do you take me an outsider.
    ideally, it's question on a need for architecture for networking - these questions raise fingers on perfection of the arch or need thereof.
    But real discussions should amend if needed but for the moment - must solve the ticket - defensive offence, offence on how you are justified at what you did and where the missing links are. Debating is an art to be learnt.
Logs - Discussion - Politics is game of chess magnified with n players - china blunder but citizens to govt boycott, they miscalculated - long run beneficial.
Logs - Discussion - narratives are all in head - you can twist events to make a story appealing - like lady stops seeing dor thread - if I hadn't informed her - her neck would have got scratches. Kites trouble.
Logs - Discussion - Transfers in bank to avoid secrets - 6 transfers in 5 years - so networking important for swapping with colleagues - no other control - different ppl with keys on random days, 2017 terrible accident - dog saving - called appa to wait and chunni for bleeding and rushed to home on activa. Reminds me of run and wire hit udhampur and kgp hit by pillar. Friend dog saving accident during lockdown. Crypto currency no chance cuz of Indian corruption and ppl in India go by sentiments not research. Balance sheet for shares. Ask questions from brokers. Training on currency notes - openly ask - like I have asked so many personal questions - look fool once is better than staying a fool. MBA gd 4-5 ppl on economics topic and then pi - personal interview. Dor incident with syami also.
Logs - Discussion - A lady frustrated with bank culture, gonna leave revived by kritika like she was when new.
Logs - Discussion - fights, betterment of active set of transaction, and config - actively update and create. Also, talk about past or future transaction, thread to master and stories or analytics. OR observations to master to stories or analytics or plan future transaction.
Logs - Discussion - Dunzo - so you can send food package to us - why - lockdown mein yahi chhoti chhoti khushiyan bator lete hain.
Logs - Discussion - Enjoy the conversations as if we are talking to ourselves.
Logs - Discussion - I understand, I am just thinking loud.
	I really don't have an opinion on this.
Logs - Discussion - Config -> Master (road travel observations), Config -> Transactional (stories recall or plan change), Transactional -> Master (stories to standardizations), T -> C, M -> T, etc.
	Priority to Transactional with args from M and C and stories from past; 2nd priority to C to TMA, 3rd being M; etc. CMAT are all interrelated for discussions + Decoration with Jokes, Anecdotes, Idioms, Shayari, etc.
	Having fun like singing or dancing comes under transactional. Or movies to watch, food to cook - all transactional. All these are our means to express love for others - they need substitute for in material world.
Logs - Discussion - Stories' threads stems from master data DMPM strong understanding and willingness to give it to others. Eg - telling others how driving learning works.
Logs - Discussion - Extend your completeness to others - Eg is my fellow passenger wearing seat belt, is wearing mask, etc. At work, are my colleagues ready with every tool like Do they know JIRA to start using it - as if you are mgr or arch but such helping attitude is awesome.
Logs - Discussion - ohde te pehlan de paajne paye hoye ne - get inside other's psychology (conditional probability).
Logs - Discussion - complaints, past complaints as stories like mama put chepi on phone. Papa story on pitta - pgi lal mirch to constipation, lahsun katori to eth yellow like jaundice.
Logs - Discussion - naale punya naale faliyan. Analytics - abstract it for adjectives with sources - papa lazy in afternoon like blazing sun and seeks discussion b4 entering in car. How mama generally does - gherna papa ko. Papa - cooking is very simple; what all is involved, think about it - papa, are you cooking today's dinner (don't tell me show me or jeda bole o bua khole - transaction planning) or prediction - papa raat ka khana fir bahar se.
Logs - Discussion - jab dekho corona ka rona. I wanna go without mask - let's go get disease together (alternative narrative rather than obvious consequence), trust me you don't have networking from stopping attack like with traffic police. Tu aa gya na unki baaton mein - galat kiya, aapki hi baaton mein aana chahiye tha (political exposure is fun).
Logs - Discussion - genuine concern or complaint - non repetitive else it is already a joke - aap daily japa karte ho kya in sab baaton ka (don't say it). You didn't give us list of branches - first time - it's very simple explanation attitude - seedhi si baat hai, koi load nahi, mast raho, bindas ekdum. If I start to comply, there's a fear of becoming a puppet. You should give 1100 yourself - are simple hai mein batata hoon approach, aap na inform me beforehand so that I am psychologically ready - bas tension khatam - kitni chhoti baaton ki tension leke baith jaate ho. Talk to us daily - nahi itna pyaar roz roz mere liye zyada ho jaayega.
Logs - Discussion - if anybody taking your time against your wish like scolding - leave the place with excuse like gotta call I know where you are going. But I ain't going there ever just meals at max. Their concerns has stopped to carry any weightage or meaning for me - they are fake people so what to talk to them - it's useless from transactional perspective but good for ashram growth. Kritika's crying also seems pretensious now but I want to spread happiness (my name) and not distress, that's my primary concern - otherwise she has been more of a liability than an asset. No call from syami and didi - like they matter more than hubby. They won't unless they are fools. Being boss, visible change I want - change is automatic, you wanna see the changes you want. Kede visible change - 2 - koi bolde thuk digdi hai. Drug karda fadeya gya hain, jua karda hai, kudiyan da chakkar hai. Visible changes on your imagined problems, how will you ever see a solution when problem itself is fabricated. It's pain in neck to talk to them. Kritika ki itni important hai ki I can call you, yes (but don't say). Mein taan tennu baad cha dekh laangi - te dekhna hi hai, tussi nahi chande assi bitiya nu vekhiye.
Logs - Discussion - health kharab ho rahi hai - aur le pange (don't say it). Wo kya kehte hain kabaab mein, nahi nahi miyan biwi raazi, par raazi hi to nahi hain to muhavara pura ho nahi hota (don't say). Aapne pakad liya mujhe. Are yaar mein yahaan baithne se pehle mein phone karke puchna hi bhool gaya yaar - sarcasm. Yes we can talk but waise nahi, wo too much ho jaayega - can't take shit for trifles. Mein Wahid aisa damad hounga jo itna shit le sakta hai sasur se or who can tolerate so much from him for you but you give no dang so wth - kahaan leke jaun mein apna toota hua dil.
Logs - EQData - music dynamic: rhythm, speed, progression, key, instrumentation, whatever.
Logs - EQData - Food - Phirni, Gulkand, pheni vs seviyan, Amritsari Pasta, Veg Makhani Pizza, Band Chhole, kulche chhole, alu wale kulche, laddus with chatni, bhelpuri vs jhal muri,
Logs - EQData - smartness - don't know bb instant maggi is veg based or not - buy something else from the tray and also check along with that.
Logs - EQData - Asr Notes
	bollywood prediction of movie to be hit or flop based on time series eg over years. Features measurement time duration for genres comedy, action, etc - as if it is the sequence that matters and not the quality of the those genres.
	Mama - Sanskrit bachelors and literature, who can touch larynx with tongue but teller becomes employee so don't tell.
	badmash - garib nu rab di maar - 1.5K loss. 8K for hospital corporates.
	methi ka parotha, alu wala kulcha, band chhole, kulche chhole, 
	Like there is a problem with excess enjoyment, there is also a problem enjoyment starvation, when your desire for enjoyment meets the object of enjoyment you tend to overdo things like with some sages. So, papa saying beta aaram se even if i was - is worth contemplation.
	empirical process - many iterations to find hyper-parameters. The values may change over changing hardwares over the years.
	Spirituality - without it all ego problems, 
Logs - EQData - UW
	Briefs (tight v), Boxers (loose), Boxer Briefs, Jockstraps (needful)
	stick to cotton.replacing your underwear every 4-6 months, or when you think it looks worn-out - love interest; color.
Logs - EQData - GOT season 8 episode 3, Leave lekar dekhne wala episode hai.
Logs - EQData - Percussion Instruments (things you hit)
Logs - EQData - Entire history of you
	last scene where he cuts the device from himself seems to imply that ignorance is indeed bliss, and that our natural ability to repress certain things we see is actually a help rather than a hindrance
	seems like some sort of a distraction. People forced to endlessly navel gaze and evaluate their lives, whilst life is going on about them
Logs - EQData - 
	who are you? dog of military like you (choose words)
	who is ever prepared.
Logs - EQData
	saw some movies and tried so jumped from cliff and realized difference between reality and fantasy world after that. 
	Remained sitting for 5 minutes - belief in god became stronger.
Logs - EQData - 
	Marriage - Not both are incomplete and both come together to complete each other but both are whole and both come together to contribute to each other.
		Offer from outside then what you do - go along or continue working - 6 months then continue but 3-4 years then go but 2 years
			while tossing the coin you know what you want cuz coin is darn strict.
		Planning to stop working after baby but will work something and keep myself engaged for money and engagement - I will manage to keep myself busy.
		Work and life boundaries - I don't love work like you do.
		what do your feelings tell? feeling are not feeling that great - there are fun moments but it's not forgetting yourself kind.
		what do you plan to work after marriage - IT only - these are not good things.
		first look makes her look fat.
		anger how frequently - say I didn't add salt to the food - how would you respond yell or outside dinner - gradient descent also so scolding is possible but currently I won't.
		any thought about your fears - no. same answer.
		parents may go tomorrow not sure.
		your answers are ambiguous
		how little is too little and too much in work, in life, etc - not interested in games except took took badminton.
		sad with menstruation - want to be alone. you don't understand u have elder sister - health probs.
		psychological manipulation e1 does everytime but i won't use it consciously to hurt others.
	Marriage - EQ - Your life's happiness and distress depends a lot on your spouse. Your decisions will affect and be affected by that of spouse so look for excitement.
		Trust your guts - your instincts. The Secret - You just feel good around a person you don't know why but you do - just better let that continue.
Logs - EQData - Fire Drill
	Casualty -
		Lift - different hand locks.
		chair, stretcher (head first)
	Fire Caught
		wet Hankie on face
		shake smoke away, check for wires and crawl out
		Fire extinguisher
		Special helmet to save from Carbon mono oxide.
	self safety
		on fire - role on the ground twice.
		someone on fire - blanket on top from back not front (cuz he is panicked) - swimming pool, bucket on top.
		don't go up or to basement - walk fast without panic.Stand - Busy wait for lunch
	I am leaving for lunch anybody coming?
	joke - no1 hungry today? or fasting today?
	get how much more time to wait and approach specific enquiring if it is gonna take more and take leave on plea of being really hungry
	I am really hungry - I will proceed - anyone coming now.
Logs - EQData - Honest Trailer
	Pokemon used to delight your inner child and now embarass your outer adult.
		swept up in pokemania in late 90s - if not, this ain't for you cuz they are not wasting any time explaining, what the world is, people are, why the cat has brooklyn accent
		these are child runaways who make their animal make other animals unconscious but don't worry they like it allegedly (weird observations)
		meet misty idiot who is constantly complaining, Brook an idiot who is constantly horny,
		they will make e1 say "huh" (word count)
		he wants to free every pokemon from human master which sounds reasonable actually (opposite side) until he start killing them.
		it's ok to fight with each other to prove yourself strong over other but not stronger for once and for all. (enumerating weaknesses)
		video game won't prepare you for this.
		Meet Garfield and friends (reminders of others) - alleging copyright violation in funny way.	
Logs - EQData - Cook 
	Utensils completeness, cooking set up completeness, what all cookable, what are the limits, what timings, holiday scene, washing scene (what all included), charges
Logs - EQData - Names for our team - Blue Thunder, Oasis, 
	Top picks - Oasis, Blue Thunder, Promise_void, tech-knock, rescue squad, MI007, Enigma, Miracle Masters, Battling Mongoose, Code Black, SPI (Shopping Cart, PO, INV), Stealth Bot (Bought)
	Inferno, Ready Player - no movie names,... Reloaded, Quickfix Daemons, galaxy names, brahmastra but no1 can say it.
	Algo - go write your weight against a name. E1 has 4 weights (1,2,3,4) to give any names of their choice - we add them all in the end.
	callbacks, promise_void, EDITH (Even Dead I am the hero), Avatar (but no vardan)
	mocha or chai pe charcha, 
	404 not found
Logs - EQData - Reddit is subject centered discussion forum; quora is QA DB; Twitter is person centered discussion forum. FB is Friend centered discussions. Instagram - photo centered; etc.
Logs - EQData - Finance
	credited - money converted to property representing some money worth. Debited - property converted currency.
		so credit reduces money at hand. Debit increases money at hand but property worth does the opposite.
		Bank says money credited to your account meaning your money at hand converted to property represented in the form of their accounts.
			You debit from your account - your property worth reduces but you get money at hand.
		Shares are a source to debit - you increase money at hand at the cost of loss of ownership of company as a property.
			but for the buyer it is a credit - losing money at hand for gaining claim over company's property or worth.
			many children play business games - I think it was all about shares on company.
			Bonds are generally long-term instrument promising to pay a fixed interest over a specific time frame. It is like loan.
				Bonds are also a form of debt  they are loans in which the investor acts as the bank.
				The interest rate companies pay bond investors is often less than the interest rate they would be required to pay to obtain a bank loan
			Debentures are more secure than stocks, in the sense that you are guaranteed payments with high interest rates.
				However, bonds are more secure than debentures, but carry a lower interest rate.
				higher the risk, greater the reward.
			https://keydifferences.com/difference-between-shares-and-debentures.html
			bonds are raised against specific assets unlike debentures, hence they are paid first.
			debentures are termed as debt instruments issued by private companies while bonds are the instruments generally issued by public sector undertakings and government companies and utilities.
Logs - EQData - Data Model Foods
	Light (Bf and snacks)
		Fried - French Fries, Potato wedges, 
			samosa, pakoda - tikki X {bun}, 
			Kabab.
		Tea Snacks - Bhujia types, chips, Biscuits, cookies.
		Chinese - Noodles (schezwan, spring roll), Fried Rice, {Manchurian, Chilli} X (gobi, babycorn, mushroom, paneer), sizzler (noodles topped by manchurian or paneer sabji, etc)
		South - 
			Dosa - Plain, Veg, Pan Dosa with Veg stew etc.
				Dosa X {masala} X {Palak, Baby/sweet Corn, Mushroom, Pavbhaji, Dilkush, Chinese, Kerala, Mysore} X {Cheese, Paneer, Onion, Schezwan, chatni}
			Paddu, Idlis, Vada, Buns, etc.
		North - 
			Paranthas (sattu, alu, muli, gobi, paneer, laccha, onion, mix veg, etc)
			{chhole, launji} X {bhature, poori, kulche}
		chaat - samosa, aloo, kachori, etc.
		Others - Poha, Sabudana, Litti, dhokla, khandvi, phapadi, bhakarwadi, Paav X {bhaji, misal, dhabeli, vada}, puri (bhel, pani, dahi, papri chaat, etc) etc.
		Foreign 
			Pizza - base (wheat thin, cheese burst, fresh pan, hand tossed) X Veggies (mushroom, paneer, golden corn, capsicum, tomato, onion) X Toppings (jalapeno, black olive, red paprika, more cheese or sth) ; garlic bread.
			Pasta, Nachos, burrito, quesdilla, taco.
		Veg Roll - paneer, corn, chatpate chole, potato, veg, macroni X {Cheese, butter/meyonis}
		Sandwich / Sub - Veg, Paneer, Mushroom, 
		Drinks - Juices, Soft, Mocktails, Cocktails, Hard Drinks.
			Juices - Grape, Kiwi, Lime, Lychee, Mosambi, MuskMelon, Orange, Pineapple, Watermelon.
			Milk/Cream shakes - (some combinations) - Dry Fruits X Chocolate X Fruits X {Milk, Cream, Lassi}
				Eg - Banana, Butter Pista, Chocolate (choco, Rocher Ferrero, Oreo, kitkata, scottish), Anjeer, Figg, Strawberry
				Fruits - Anar, Apple, Butter Fruit, Chikoo, Mango, Muskmelon, Papaya, Black Current, Strawberry
				Dry Fruits - Pista, Anjeer, etc
				Flavors - Vanilla, Rose (gulkand), Kesar, Honey, etc.
			Soda - Mint, lime, ginger, jal jeera, etc.
			Coffee - {Latte, Cappucino, Espresso, Mocha} X {cold, chocolate, scotch} X {milk,}
	Heavy (lunch and Dinner)
		Appetizer / Starter - soup (manchow, sweet corn, hot and sour veg)
			tikka - paneer (flavor - pudina), pakoda, kabab.
		Meal
			Rice - Plain, Biryani, Lemon, Ghee, Jira rice, peas pulao, curd rice, etc.
			Breads - Types (Chapatti, Parotta, Naan, Kulcha) X Add-on (Kerala, Tandoori, Masala, Dhaniya, Garlic)
			Daal - tadka, fry, makhani, chenna, palak, green peas, pindi chhole, rajma, 
			Gravy - Combinations - Alu, Palak (sarso), Mushroom (do pyaza), Capsicum, Chana, Peas, Navratan Korma, Kaju, Malai Kofta, Tomato, Kaju, corn (baby), Paneer (kadai, butter), Bhindi, gobhi.
				Mix Veg - Curry, Jaipuri, Kadai, Kolhapuri, Kurma, Jalfrezi
				flavors - garlic, adarak, achari.
			Dry - Aloo Jira, 
			Curd/Salad - Raita, 
			Mixed - Khichadi - variants.
		Desserts
			Cold
				Kulfi - Dry Fruits (kesar, pista, mewa, badam)
				Ice Cream - Types (scoop/sundae, ) X Fruits (mango, strawberry, banana) X Dry Fruits (Pista) X Flavors (Vanilla, Figg, honey, caramel, butter scotch, tutti fruity, Fudge)
				Falooda / gudbud - Dry Fruits (fruity, pista)
				Fruit Salad - (icecream optional)
			Dishes - shrikand, barfi, gulab jamun, jalebi, rasgulla, son papri (patisa), malpua, etc.
Logs - EQData - Carwale - install.
	Very good offer we don't take.
	why would he not rather sell it to truevalue.
	self evaluate - then mechanic - car to be checked plz check - how much you will charge. Ok then. Ok report.
	netbanking, RC - transfering is your headache, docs, pollution, insurance; writing I don't own this car.
Logs - EQData - bedi ke saath kya hua - bada uchhal rahi thi - meine maar diya use.
Logs - EQData - Experience of 2nd year JSR - when maths exam and really disturbed, made calls - do you remember the original source of the problem - the one gnawing problem.
	why you won't consult doctor, why you would consider eating forbidden items from mess of another hostel, why determination was all in ruins.
Logs - EQData - turning to truck while no space on left - demanding space from bus (diversion) ain't happening. cross lanes or demand crossing when necessary
	overtake, lane change, deccelerate - is a mistake on someone's part.
Logs - EQData - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEdgavtLjuk
Logs - EQData - Customer
	Rayban considered as 1 of the best brands of sunglasses. UV protection offered.
	Using gift card you get voucher gift code and pin while ordering you can use that.
		can pay extra to our portal to make it quantized 1000 - they allow only quantized.
Logs - EQData - India people are very sensitive to post position - can't code for life - manager, consultant, architect, etc sth.
	riksha earning 1 lakh vs bank manager earning 20K - where would you go?
	there developer could be earning more than manager - it's a replacable post with job description.
		you can always get a new manager but 1 who built the system ground up is irreplaceable.
		this arrangement must have been made by Indians only - of course.
	parent push child out at 16 - likened to 11th class in India - yes, we also go out.
		it safeguards children from victimization to drugs and what not - accountability helps children to be cautious. REL daily scrum so gotta do sth today! crude eg.
Logs - EQData - Marriage is not like refugee coming to India but both partners going to canada - both have to make adjustments to accomodate another persons - to cluster better.
	it consists of enjoying oneness, sacrifices or compromises or celebrating on differences and cooperation for something bigger than both of them (vision that matters to both)
	it is targetted towards oneness - your happiness and distresses also come in a package - so marriage is such an important thing to solve.
	Girl asking out a boy ain't never happening - it's a cue st that road is empty come drive on that - but boy has Testosterone to take the risk of asking them out - it is worth doing so.
		it doesn't settle anything - "let us see where it goes" is factually the approach - just don't let someone down but be willing to take it forward.
Logs - EQData - "Sockpuppeting," at least in Quora parlance, means using (e.g., posting content on, asking questions with, answering questions with) a fake account that isn't your own.
	from the same IP address.
	similar usernames
Logs - EQData - Discussion - Gossip - https://www.scoopwhoop.com/90s-animated-tv-shows/?ref=hwrh#.t67fvh8vs
	Border, for example, youd think Indians won the war not not on the basis of military superiority, but because they loved their motherland more than the Pakistanis
	I was expecting too much. When was the last time you saw a sensitive Russian man in a Hollywood film?
	Indians do not just want an action film. We need some maa ka pyar, behen ko vaada, bhai ka badla
	shooting the baddies, we need him to wield his arms and smash them to pulp
	Manikarnika - it is basically Border with Kangana playing both Sunny Deol and Sunil Shetty.
Logs - EQData - bell curve of how India defeats insurgencies
Logs - EQData - Meteorologists say the rain from a cloudburst is usually of the shower type with a fall rate equal to or greater than 100 mm (4.94 inches) per hour.
Logs - EQData - Trouble points at counter for card transaction
	didn't verify deduction while transaction
	didn't collect receipt - why you didn't - how will they verify - they have their transaction log (summary report) since the morning - obtainable in their card swipe machine
	bank's mistake to send all sms for the backlog of 1-2 days - got april fool outta me.
Logs - EQData - My smartphone screen got cracks cuz of stretching to fix plug into socket 
	lesson learnt - think repercussions of your actions.
Logs - EQData - Any music below 120 bpms (beats per minute) is slow music, anything faster belongs to the fast music genre
	genre works exactly like this but with many mor associated characteristics.
Logs - EQData - Vishwanathan Anand - Make notes after every game - things fresh in your mind - mistakes on either side. why you won. etc.
	game matters the most. the rewards it fetches are by products.
Logs - EQData - google:aurora.
Logs - EQData - Coconut water
	timings 8 to 8. it's art to cut it - right force and at right place - but it pains after a few iterations.
	mysore coconut water is sweeter than bangalore - bangalore outside the city around 10 km outside we get.
	I buy around 1K coconuts and finish in around a week or so.
	why not you have 7 with you - we get company to spend time - let 1 person do it economical and if cut then whole attention goes there.
		if it cuts 7's hand use coconut water to avoid septic - wow that's neat.
		everything has adulteration take fruits for eg but this (coconut) only God puts adulteration - that means original substance.
	Some places for 30 Rs coconut full of water - so much so that you get fullness feeling after 1. Few places offer it at 20 and even 15.
		huge ones have little water but lotta pulp - small ones are typically all water.
Logs - EQData - People losing faith in voting thru EVM.
	think of a model where every voter can see his/her vote on the screen and knows that his choice matches with how it's labelled and counting is a public affair - no hiding possible there.
	thus we can have ballot system's advantages of transparency and technical advantages also of doing things fast and in superior way.
	there's 1 problem with this and that's losing anonymity - anyone can ask for your generated number to verify or use maths when 2 people will give same numbers to beat 1 of them.
	what are challenges with e-voting - trust and anonymity need to be promised in the process.
Logs - EQData - buying snake plant - online then wait
	cup necesary saw 7 taking with it.
	ask if there is s plant in budget.
	exceed the budget but too much is bad; little exceeding is good. Normal distribution
Logs - EQData - Polity - make New year resolution to come on time but first it has to be to leave on time else the former can't happen.
	Being yes man - agreeing to the motion vs empathizing (try to, better still) - the latter seems to be even better.
	any problem make your voice heard.
Logs - EQData - Polity - going meta - it has 3 camera - for wider pix - panorama - no, panorama is different (going by the word what it stands for) and not clarification for question itself immediately - emphasize that data model is very clear in my head.
Logs - EQData - Abhinav Bharadwaj Discussions Planned
	Coming on 25th? It would have been great to have you.
	Heard you are working on - how's work related.
		does it involve travel - but you do like travel she said.
	How is the city - bombay expedition didi guided.
	Your interest I know - TV Series translation Punjabi movies, book reading, etc.
Logs - EQData
	Gold against national interest cuz more import than export - losing dollars on it.
	Varthur less costly (not cheaper) than whitefield but metro would come here in future not varthur. Whitefield would be more rentable.
	if bought at heart of city then very good future prospects - MG road - change bunglow into multistory apartment and prospects are really good there.
	gold price doesn't fluctuate by huge amounts - it would always be valuable - not that necesarily its rate would increase - when other investments fail gold remains.
	oil people invest and virtual gold - better - RBI attempted to disassociate people who invested in gold as investment from ones who wanted jewellery - high craze in india.
		you can liquidate or redeem it anytime (you always could encash from banks and buy right - so govt automates that) - it is trustworthy cuz based on banks like SBI and all.
		paytm etc not sure.
	some people invest in shares like day trading, long term, even mutual funds like fashion cuz economy is definitely gonna grow.
	ITR - I get it filed with CA cuz policy keeps changing every year and I don't have time to read thru that - have a relative who takes only 300.
	I know no expense from his pocket except time but pay for comfort. He asks for details which I give.
	ITR1 is simple but 2 gets charged even from online services like cleartax and all.
	any ownership then claim ITR2 - it's complex in terms of xml generation from excel or java application.
	5 year bracket within which they capture a person and ask the fellow to pay double the expense. Can't capture him before the window cuz obviously you won't have proofs.
		they won't go to granularities of my bank statements or shares holdings statements - anyways on there 10 shares reduced and 10 shares added so less suspicion.
Logs - EQData - Joke - Flu Vaccination facilitated by doctor team in SAP - I didn't take cuz didn't know how trustworthy it is - 1 month later went to doctor she also had flu - either she also doesn't believe in vaccination or she got flu in spite of vaccination so it's funny.
Logs - EQData - Just ate samosas outta there money dang it - so hopeless or gone case that didn't even think of putting the amount of money back - 5 Rs back into the main cash bucket.
	he said he invested money from his own self.
	we thought we deserved 5 Rs worth samosa cuz of hard work of walking all the way to find diwali bulbs - airport of japan, wth.
	Didn't think about presenting them with balance sheet.
Logs - EQData - Whatever get measured, gets managed. 
	Management for city - how to arrange residences and office - what is Chandigarh model.
	Company is also a microrealm like a huge society - all electricity, water, Internet, AC, cleaning or sanitation, food, etc - all dept exists.
	but there are still differences across realms and microrealm - that's what defines a culture - all usecases or features are important but how you plan and implement them is different. Just like eCommerce websites are not all same although same features exist on all. The feel is different that's culture.
	Judging a govt in terms of this realm management is what is important - is there any ML we can apply here - judging them by their decisions and results - results also wrt premise.
	Parking management - water, electricity, no closed group, 4 edges from a node of floor.
		convert continuous to discrete - number of parkings available for the floor, occupied number - disadvantages but many advantages.
	Office seating places - continuous to discrete. Number of rooms for meeting - continuous to discrete. Can plan around those concrete terms.
Logs - EQData - What growth rate, inflation is greater than that so what's the point - it is like our salary increment.
Logs - EQData - All CTC - outing budget and salary budget - must be consumed within tenure else reduced for next year as feedback. Prost was last day to consume - bill can be later.
	IIITB had all solar panel on the terrace for heating for water heaters.
Logs - EQData - CAA is not that big a deal - persecuted refugees can always wait for 5 more years - it comes on ego so rollback becomes difficult. Trouble but for a reason like demonetization side benefits like online transactions and UPI but proper implementation is necessary.
	politician such low salary but such huge holdings - how - cuz of corruption, internal knowledge of which place rates will increase (for investments) and so on.
	there should be some technical solution to gibberish in political world - like blockchain.
Logs - EQData - Cars
	Range - 50,100,200,500.
	Certified - Yes, no.
	Booked - Yes, No.
	Budget - 2, 4, 6, 6+
	Body Type - Hatchback, Sedan, VAN, MUV, SUV.
	Brand - Maruti, Datson, etc.
		Model - Alto, K10, WagonR, Swift, Celerio.
			Version - LX, LXI, VXI.
	Car Age - 0-1, 1-3, 3-5, 5-7, 7+
	Owner - 1, 2, 2+.
	Km Driven (K) - 10, 25, 50, 75, 75+
	Fuel Type - Petrol, Diesel, CNG, LPG.
	Color - White, Red, Grey, Blue, Silver, Black, Beige, Brown, Orange, Gold, Green, Yellow, Purple.
	Transmission - Manual, Automatic.
	About
		LX variant is too basic and does not feature power windows, AC, and any other comfort features. ... VXI is top variant and features all things available in LXI and in addition it features rear door power windows, fog lamps,optional airbag, music system and lot more.
		variants, trims.
		K10 Variants
			LX - manual AC with heating function, front and rear integrated headrests, and fabric upholstery. Seatbelts are the only considerable safety feature on this trim. This base LX trim does not even get power steering.
			LXI - gets power steering, a tailgate opener, childlock for the rear doors and internally-adjustable right wing mirror.
			VXI - gets an audio player that can play CDs and radio. It comes with a two-speaker setup and USB capability. Other additions include central locking, front power windows, buzzer warning for the headlamps, a tachometer, digital clock, rear parcel tray and wheel covers.
			VXIO - driver airbag, front fog lamps and keyless entry.
	My Choice - Cert Yes, Budget 2, 3-5, owner 1.
		Original choice - see car options and keep updating your choices to finalize your choice.
		Concretely - with specifications Budget starts from 2.6, 2.85, etc.
			even for 5-7 age, budget should be 2.6 to 3ish.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - [Gaddi] gaan nu park kar lo - gaain te hai hi nahi koi aas paas.
	I suggest you don't learn punjabi we will have new anecdotes to discuss - ghor kaliyug.
	you are coughing - yeah it is contagious - so I caused it from phone - yes, others.
	Mumbai bad experience of malevolent people - panic on seeing them around especially in protest.
	Bua like chhota bheem.
	Friendly office boys.
	Great help of 15 days take up any role and interact with people - overcome the hesitation - can oversee when you know what to oversee and end of 15 days gimme your learnings - that changed life.
		Like big bro - feel free to call me. Only in meetings he doesn't otherwise he does.
	speech quality
	Cough but curd cuz zindagi na milegi dobara - shastra ke hisab se mil jaati hai
		teaser I had alu parantha with dahi today - too bad to say this - no, it's incentive to get well ASAP.
	I trouble your ears - no, don't worry about them, I keep changing my ears.
	HDFC - Very different banking world but getting good at social dealings.
		troubled in the initial days but got hang of it.
		AXIS uses different softwares - 1 umbrella covering investments, balance sheets, talking to all kinda people.
	Meeting school intermediate guy - you will die some day under the books. Got fat to prove them wrong. Met at bank.
		knows who is how much gone case - I don't take money for favors. You know whose daughter I am.
		had interactions with law - people filing cases during demonetization - wearing masks (pesticides, nay) cuz old notes excavated at that time.
		No heater allowed to avoid burning and no gold ornaments to distract people.
	Chandigarh tryst just to know the standing - told we won't give you admission join father's college then MAT to go to Chitkara university - internship at some financial firm for visualization but eventually in hydrabad so didn't go there cuz of fear for muslim community.
	They treated me like a son - I don't plan on marrying a boy (just for fun)
	Movies like Chhapak. Infotainment and discussion on Nirja Bhanot.
Logs - EQData - Some people put friends to tests to check the potential of that relationship - eg can you go with me for that. I need you for cycle transport can you do me a favor.
	Can you lend me something, etc. Stretching and what not.
Logs - EQData - Hotel booking for marriage reception - We are first timers show us something ; we even invite others. We can reduce the price to 1K.
	Reception on gap with marriage - separation between festivals - good for taking rest. Enjoy not just finish it off stuff.
	10-15 people for marriage and Reception for full scale on guy's side.
	No hesitation at calling them - it adds raunak for festival.
Logs - EQData - Polity - Confirm UI readiness vs topics to check. exhaustive checks. LXP vs GXP - politics over your certified it so you can be blamed for not completing shit.
Logs - EQData - Polity
	Some problem cuz of which it won't be available after release as promised. Tell to support team stakeholders and management like me - that deployment time regression like this so we are undoing for now and will make changes in future.
	I wanna go and can have perceptions. Tell that you want to go to another place which will anyways have no votes so you can easily go.
	Aeroplane pilot - It will be 3 hrs late. update - it will be 45 mins late - thank god.
Logs - EQData - Polity - What does this do - disagree and destroy the person.
Logs - EQData - Vocab - The following tickets are currently assigned to you. Kindly keep them on your priority. (I am not assigner; asking them without showing authority; information delivered)
	Vocab - breakfast? - I won't be available for breakfast. Kindly don't wait for me (not disclosing why I don't take breakfast)
Logs - EQData - Marriage Phases - 4 weeks holiday
	Functions phase - 1 week
	Home phase - 1 week
	Vacation phase - 1 week
	settling phase - 1 week (can be wfh also - possible, can be accomodated)
	Discussions with colleagues
		Thanks for telling. difficult for us. welcome to club. how many of friends have married. whereabouts of girl, your plans on buying flat and vocational movements (practical decisions).
		already chatting with her. now stick to 1 ice-cream this has all the flavors. Age, DOB. Marriage, dates, place and eth.
		Her workplace and fun - she is at bank and where do you have your accounts - even 10 paisa deducted from all and I get rich in an hour.
		She is coming to you or vv. Duration of your leaves - planning.
		Saying in south that sasural should be far off - so that when she goes she doesn't come back soon.
		Oh that's why so many phones aye.
		She is from Punjab or himachal - she is hybrid - you have a lot to learn after marriage - yup, I will also become hybrid after that. Oh you had it in you.
		all of sudden or outta nowhere - well, thought nothing is happening or was bored with work so let's do something fun so decided to marry.
		which place - nangal - where - bhakhra nangal dam - oh, it's already destination wedding - yup.
	trends show that mail information is given about 15 days back on average subjected to normal distribution.
		but they are close to marriage location so those factors should also be considered.
		what do you really want - don't fake it. Invite them all and genuinely make arrangements smartly.
Logs - EQData - Discussions - outta context - Eth will go as planned, better than planned - the best is yet to come - yeah, you are getting married, I know.
Logs - EQData - whom all to call - some meaning like worked with Venkatesh.
Logs - EQData - Public sector is fully trustable while the private sector can never be trusted.
	SBI, PNB, etc. around 23 of them and they have some state, national, Union, United, etc.
Logs - EQData - Car Story
	Closest True value twice. Increased demand to WagonR cuz it should be good looking but feeling still of 2nd hand and didi pointed this out and also did Parents. 
	For a few lakhs shyness, I seem to be embracing poverty.
	Patience is very rewarding - any car there is temptation to close on it but no, wait. Look for all your options b4 you finalize you are gonna give money for it.
		without patience I could have gone for humble car or in rashness would have made decision which is not best among options (sign of weak EQ).
	First choice had a good car of i10 at 3.95 bargained to 3.75 including RC and checked eth - learnt driving recently so told it - assumption but 1 counter-eg and you can clarify - sure, take me to somewhat isolated place but I must have first hand driving experience.
		not insecure with what I am.
	demanded 20K of booking money - I was hoping for sth like 5K-10K - 10K is ok.
	what's the number of your card Sir - (like I am a fool) No, I will enter it; where is the machine.
	I will write what all is included in the commitments and price total of 3.55 - it is total and not remaining.
	Celebrate EOD for every little win - that's great encouragement.
	Paint vs polish - Polish will remove scratches but paint will come out in 1 year.
Logs - EQData - Car Buying (First Choice or True Value) Process Model
	Finalize the car - Be clear about your expectations and look for availability of those features in a set of cars.
	Look for the set of cars in different web sites and showrooms to zero in.
	Take test drive, get specifications, take pics and sleep over it.
	Book the car and get commitments and final price.
	Confirm refurbishments.
	Make Payment [and get necessary documents]
	Get car, RTO process started and so on.
	Receive your RC - make also insurance and pollution certificate.
Logs - EQData - Car Data Model
	External
	Internal
	Behavioral
	Features - Child lock, power windows, power steering, adjustable steering, fog lamps, airbags.
Logs - EQData - Buying process Abstraction
	Take inventory of all features and behaviors for the product that you are interested in.
	Make a list of Must have (concern without it), Should have (needful) and can have (wants) in terms of data model of features and behaviors for the product.
	search for candidates that meet your requirements - at least must and should and see trade-offs with wants. 
		(little bit on should can also be seen - replace feature with accessory, etc)
	Among the candidates, drill deeper into other stuffs - like maintenance services, reviews of people, reputation, etc and zero it down.
	Strike a deal.
Logs - EQData - Marriage related stuffs - Baby pink lehenga and your sherwani matching (booking at that time), parlour - groom package, RBI officials
	holiday plan - north east, foreign - sweden, Moritius, etc. Personal plan - nothing. Prefer Indian hill station - Shimla, Nainital, Massuri, Kotamandalam, Ooty.
		look for it online. About 1 week we will plan.
	Ring type (21). Mangal sutra - small size not elaborate (it's in south - 100 Rs in Punjab)
		jewellery - shop she has become. bank doesn't allow. Ask if she is interested. She can't open mouth wide but has fascination.
	cloth for home - decent (branded) and good attractive. culturally appropriate. Personal space anything.
		cold not much. So shirts to buy, etc.
		whatever dress you like - wear it but non-agitating.
		cloth for you - dress like you belong to an elegant culture. I wear only branded and checks I like. Inform that on phone next call.
	family type culture at office - axis open to ourselves also - what type of rose and valentine's day.
	bangalore what all places to see - Nandi hills, wonder la, etc.
	I don't know how he will feel so better you only - asking all relatives for a favor - talk to all but him - ensure he takes groom package.
	saint so different pandits. 1 day b4 ceremony - Pandits need to be separate. Lots of work so kept separate.
Logs - EQData - Jiju all kharcha on us but well off people are broad minded and don't worry so much.
	Suggestion to have driver cuz it will be involving.
Logs - EQData - https://www.cardekho.com/filter/new-petrol+manual+cars+under-5-lakh+airbags+antilock-braking-system+keyless-entry+power-steering
	wagor r - 5.84; kwid rxi - 5.3; TV wagonr - 3.5
	https://auto.ndtv.com/compare-cars/renault-kwid-1393-vs-renault-kwid-1393-vs-renault-kwid-1393?variant1=15607&variant2=15614&variant3=15610
	https://www.cardekho.com/india-car-news/maruti-hikes-prices-of-select-models-from-january-2020-is-your-purchase-affected-24975.htm
Logs - EQData - Cow milk in Jamshedpur, in Pune Hinjewadi, in Bibwewadi, in Whitefield from temple - all A2 - 1 senior told - milk is important - even if from other animals.
Logs - EQData - Initiative to get new HDMI, new headset on malfunction of previous, new monitor fullsize.
	JSR planning just custom fit it was, so was cylinder - if not then come later some time and "headache"
Logs - EQData - https://www.zoho.com/books/articles/difference-between-neft-imps-rtgs.html
Logs - EQData - The beneficiary will be activated for transfer after 30 minutes.
	Within 24 hours of adding a beneficiary, 
	1.NEFT/Within Bank - A maximum of Rs. 50,000 (in full or parts) can be transferred to that beneficiary.
	2. RTGS (transfer for amount > 2 lacs) - This mode of transfer is allowed only post 24 hours of beneficiary addition. 
	3. IMPS P2A - A maximum of Rs. 25,000 (in full or parts) can be transferred to that beneficiary in first 24 hours. 
	After this cooling period,the Third Party Transfer limits will apply. An added beneficiary to whom no funds are transferred for more than 24 months, is treated as a new beneficiary in all respects.
Logs - EQData - 45K you pay on the day of your delivery after car is yours - lesson for how we should do dealings.
Logs - EQData - Finally the deal with car dealer is just give money and take the vehicle. Everything else is just confirmations, additional works, take time in finding your interests, ensuring value for money, bargain, etc.
Logs - EQData - Planning parties with friends makes them EQ architects.
Logs - EQData - Keys for zoomcar - without which heavy fine. Which I paid and later reimbursed cuz gave key back - lots of communication involved.
	growing experience for health.
Logs - EQData - Pune auto incident - Lord's holy name made them run away. Bangalore charge for opening the device. Purchased mp3 player which didn't work so striked a deal to return it in 2/3 or so - saying it is anyways useless to me. During demonetization, no1 had change from a big note - friend told me why not you lure them with a deal - saying that you get to keep some 50 bucks for giving me a change. Another friend who gave book from book stall and bought new one from flipkart which he returned to book stall saying that he didn't like it and is returning within their trial period. Advantage was money saved.
Logs - EQData - While discussing with parents, got an idea - instead of giving a location to Kritika and doing eth in rush - why not she searches for axis branch near office and get it.
	that way both of us can come together on commutation without any worry.
	1 BHK is preferable cuz wastage of resources - most of the times there will be no guest - even when there will be we have bed at lobby or hall.
	also ensure that parking space enough for car, 2 bikes.
Logs - EQData
	https://www.hellotravel.com/deals/55302.html
	https://www.hellotravel.com/deals/125934.html
	https://www.tripadvisor.in/Vacation_Packages-g297631-Kerala-Vacations.html
Logs - EQData - HEALTH - When whatever is suggested is not working outta the box, Karthik was curious to talk to the suggestor.
	This means instead of hesitation the mood is looking forward to talking to those guys. This is healthy.
Logs - EQData - https://www.getsmarteraboutmoney.ca/invest/investment-products/mutual-funds-segregated-funds/7-common-types-of-mutual-funds/
Logs - EQData - Car
	Concerns - Basic car funcationalities, etc. Without these it's better that I don't have.
		No refurbishments required.
	Need - Desirable features - Keyless, good looks, Fog Lamp, etc. Delivery at home.
	Want - Great to have - air bags, digital dashboard.
	Source - 
		Showrooms - New car.
		Brand Agencies - Truevalue, FirstChoice, etc.
		Other Agencies - Cars24, etc.
		Direct owner (m:n) - Quikr, Ola, Cardekho type Websites help you connect with owners, personal knowledge.
Logs - EQData
	PG
		Too congested rooms and rent only 2K less than society - of course, food there but not upto my expectations.
	House
		Concerns - Parking space, Water, electricity, look and feel.
			No refurbishments required - say in toilet, Guyser, Chimney, etc (if not, do I plan to sell them later or take them with me).
			Surroundings - Peace, Transport facility.
		Need - approachable office, nature looks, market nearby (1-2 Km). 1 bedroom + space for another bed.
		Want - AC, n-BHK, Amenities, Security guards, Posh locality (society), etc.
		Source - 
			Broker - List of brokers (semi or full monthly rent), NoBrokers contract (online brokers).
			Direct owner (may have brokers) - MagicBricks, Commonfloor.
			Society Direct Visiting - decide the area and explore asking e1 you meet.
				Saurabh Pr did that; recommended by few colleagues in IIITB (go on bike and traverse as many houses in 1 go - plan that way else wasted time).
			Try society else good colony is also good. Company close is better. Money considered, Comforts and convenience to be considered.
				Broker avoid else give in to broker, wth but in reasonable limits.
				Talking to you all is a great mental support and intellectual confidence.
Logs - EQData - His work is automation of Hotfix deployment process; much like SPC - so developing UI and its back end is a layer on top of core kubernetes and container creation, docker, etc - they consume those services but make an experience for the end user. All management around hotfix will be taken care of by the team. Hotfix released and we take for granted but their teams' automation is what takes over and ensures that it reaches customer.
Logs - EQData - Bike stopping on highway what would you have done - thank god it was nothing. Exit road incident - penalty is high.
	All vehicles standardizations - CRUD - buying, servicing, maintenance, features, driving, roads, etc.
	puncture no cuz tubeless but what about tubed ones. How to change tyre? Know sth about engine.
	I am becoming architect in VA both and also physically. So, learn your heart out every day and apply or practice ed.
Logs - EQData - NoBrokers scheme - if not interested say it directly no need of hesitation in the name of being polite - it's business man and you are the customer free to choose anything.
Logs - EQData - Books read - Salted Bread, SP books, Journey home in bits and pieces, YBF series, EBG, The monk who sold his ferrari not full, etc.
	Tech books not included here but can consider including them later. Books are exhaustive and make one a brilliant architect.
Logs - EQData - Air vent not working in Car 
	should let agency know cuz health wise that's what they were supposed to do and if it was dependent on me to find out - could I not buy very well from outside.
	key problem also for a week. Drive yourself but that's like everywhere so it's fine.
Logs - EQData - Car procedure of buying
	1st visit liked the car and gave token money or booking amount to book the car.
	2nd visit validated all the changes and paid 20K for offline money - tax saving by the people. But got whatsapp message for the same.
	3rd visit - already paid all the money and got the documentation completed, key remain and RC from there and driver arranged to drive till home using DriveU app.
Logs - EQData Discussions - No transport, rate too much can get 2 BHK in there; try to get rate to 20K.
	22+1 - 2BHK better - parking, etc you will get. Prefer 2BHK in the same rate.
	2BHK will be much better to us.
	Getting swayed by some offer is bad health. Must meet this 17K guy for 2BHK.
Logs - EQData - 
	Nitesh Foresh Hills - 11 to 5.
		Pioneer Fortune Square Hoodi - same guy as Nitesh Forest Hills so not available right now.
		Need from 1st of March or at least from 15th of March.
		Didn't entertain any longer after realizing that I needed the flat later. Of course in pretext that I will check with owner and come back - no prospect there so why waste time.
	Sree Sapthagiri Enclave 10 to 12 or so.
		Come and take a look. So, compromising spirituality for sake of that could be bad move - see urgency of worldly things should not replace Krishna cuz sth or other always goes on but bare minimum KC should not be compromised else big of small things gives nothing huge on transcendental layer - you were busy on lower layer should not be the narrative.
		Simple kind - small society, trace not very healthy - rowdy people in neighborhood in night so not peaceful.
		asked to park vehicle without handle lock I was uneasy doing that.
		home needed refurbishments but was overall good condition and with those changes 1 can manage to stay there. But needed from 1st of March - 7 days later.
		Balcony view okayish. Water managed by society in winters thru tankers. Electricity power back up thru inverters - TV will also work only heater won't.
	Maruti - Lakemist - 2 BHK without balcony for 20 + 2. Will take a look tomorrow.
		Come and take a look.
		Peaceful surrounding. No Balcony. No water, electricity problem. Parking available dedicated.
		But as I had already decided it was too costly but wanted to see - can join from the middle of month but chargable from 5th of the month.
	Adithya in New Temple road - water tankers that you need to take every year, electricity thru inverters but nth heavy else short circuit.
		Balcony - concrete view. Good furnished rooms which is all gonna be taken away anyways. But spacious yes, parking yes. Not a good bet - 1 BHK seems better but this is closer.
Logs - EQData - Movie - Sacred Games
	Dushmani rakhni hai to rakho but dushman ki izzat to karo. Yeda hai par unki bhi to zarurat padti hai.
		taste this salt and remember the taste. or put it in pocket and leave.
		Comparing parties - more expenditure but lesser fun. Lonely in crowd.
		Bal nahi balidan lagta hai. Internal secrets held until they don't abide - actress is from pak revealed to media.
		chat room encoded talks on dark web - can only search but can't scroll up.
			hacking by proposing an offer thru an alias - should have used some authentication mechanism over user name.
		beginning mein chubhta tha kuchh karna hai par ab used to - so act when you have fire. So freshers are in demand.
	Muslims not welcomed in colonies - cuz of community problem - eg sth happens to 1 - whole community goes against you and there are values differences so that's why.
		I know what to do, not why to do. Bomb under car using magnet.
		rollback any stage, blasts in front and not them.
Logs - EQData - Joke - There is only 1 Devgun in SAP - I always knew there is something unique about me.
Logs - EQData - Story wrt Driving
	Bike - hit in the morning only a strange look from car driver.
	Auto walla reprimanded.
	Speed bump (breaker) stopped - Pressure of horns from back. gestured and started in 2 tries.
		Road hole gotta deal with - driverU immediately guided with half clutch. Shaking hands afterwards but didn't stop cuz that emotion should help me and not obstruct me.
		Road hole one more time - pressure from back.
	Road block cars sudden turn - gotta manuever your way out.
	Car on slope upwards and 1 lorry overtaking during turn while another car waiting at back with very small distance - used handbrake and clutch + accelerator as I remove hand brake - Discussion with Syami reminded and thanks to Krishna - direct prayers come in such situations.
	Bus in hurry just overtaking with a minor margin.
Logs - EQData - Discussions
	Disturbance on the floor - people talk mehendi and loudness st songs - then you play louder. 
		they say bye loudly - then You also say bye.
	father news so can't come to marriage - planned after 1.5 years but must cuz current state of art health deteriorates for procreation and father son age difference - oldie when son is a teen - medical has full recommendations around it but 0.75 years after marriage is also bad - hymen should tear, emotions should be there, too much change at once, romance life should be experienced and culture for child should be ready in at least 4-6 months. Suhag raat if tired then no else people add somethings in milk which stimulates you. Contraceptives especially cuz you are all learned and all or external medicines or abortion without sex determination - dang it.
	cheating in arranged marriages - she had not done 10th - when he objected for talaq then all dirty cases of abuse, dowry, etc thrown. Share in money earned and held - guidance from father - he said not big deal put up with it else remove your claim from father's property and then file a talaq case and let her get a miniscule amount.
	It's all 1 after marriage so physical relationship ain't a big deal. Old cultural traditions had many positive things to them like uterus flexible for easy child birth. More pain if embryo killed after more than 6 weeks of conception.
Logs - EQData
	So little increment last year but still you continue - thankless job, lotta learning. See dullness comes when there is no learning - there was no time when I was not learning.
	growth at its best after 2015 and especially 2017 it was significant rate that made BYD profitable after a long time.
	Maintenance but helped him grow a lot in Ariba - demanding thru follow up of 12 tickets at once but both parties suffer thru that.
	Casual interview in S4 and cracked it - work from Labs. She guessed it but it was too late by then.
Logs - EQData - Ideas for Abhi visit - show him apartment and society campus, SAP, Kesar food, Phoenix mall, car talk, etc. If time permits, bannerghatta, or lalbagh garden, wonderla to be avoided.
Logs - EQData - Story - Helped a girl come to Infosys from VOICE - took a voice friend cuz I was afraid of individual association.
	Train journey and gave them dozen of bananas at once. Fighting over who is supreme. Punjabi friend Chowmein and fun in train. Another senior friend talking about a guy who got many slaps (that was me but laughed it off). Train to Vrindavan denied - general dibba and terrible not knowing which station and people disowning their own luggage. Stopped at station and saw the train leaving. Hijre problem in the route and very disturbed, thinking about how lack of unity in passenger gives opportunity to a handful to exploit - power is in number vs physical. Saw a "saint" bullied by "police" cuz probably he was no willing to leave the station. He constantly chanting jai mata di and sai baba as a coke bottle was golfed to his face and his copin was removed and he felt bad as he continued to chant. Didn't dare to go back by train so used bus - limited money but no food in the way cuz probably only prasadam those days. passed thru shirdi and carried on - very exhausted as walked back to voice and had rest - so ticket doesn't take you to Vrindavan. I was not qualified, sure but more so, I was callous with VA.
	Prasadam so only samosas and pakodas in the day in NIT JSR last year. Used to take kaccha doodh and also cow milk in 1st year kaccha again. Stopped chai cuz unfavorable and liquidifying. Dictionary bought and colored it later. Tempo across hostels extra price and 7 did a bad deal. Auto incident in pune.
	Infy song with favvara and friends tv series and song by prem ki barish mein jhumta nazar aya. Bheegi idli and vada tasted so good. Ankit Jain meets again later at SAP.
	Story and abstractions of my time there - NIT JSR and madhumakhi attacked and pencil saved me. Feeling of being engr when sound of machines everywhere - go interview everywhere.
	Hospital in IIITB ear problem, RX hospital experience (not dengue, urinal tract - later found out - came all the way from delhi and dd escalated)
Logs - EQData - Stories - Basketball win, Panja in BYD - won that our team.
Logs - EQData - Finance
	This month
		Assets - 30-5 (hdfc), 40-5 (ici), 30-5 (sbi), 45 (hdfc fd)
		Liabilities - 10 (hdfc inv), 20 (cc), flights (6 + 12 + 6 = 25), vacation (30+30), flipkart cover (1), security deposit (not really - rather, token money but cancels with receipt)
	Veredict - looks like it is possible for me to do lumpsum but at current moment I need liquidity and not savings over 3 years.
		calculation mistake - you need to keep spare 5 in every account; credit card payments can wait till 26th;
		so vacations + flights - either or both need to paid by credit card. Talk to Kritika to finalize all this.
	Next month
		liabilities - security deposit (100 - 51 = 50/70), 10 (hdfc inv), backlog (20K)
		Assets - 80 (may beginning - 85+100), salary 140/150 (reg + bonus - tax) - 220 total
Logs - EQData - Jokes and info about Vinay and Reetika (really are sisters - Ritika, Kritika like Sita Gita to give intuition to people) - cousin sister how. some time inested in relations, stories, work, life stories, work time travels, acads. Stories from different phases and jokes, fun, etc. estimating others, likes, etc - news.
	I will not represent SAP there - so pataa lagaa milne gaye the pit pita kar aa gaye - ye bug hai, ye process slow hai and what not.
	I have some friends at SAP Labs who work with UI5 - SAP has made it open - they have understood proprietary is thing of the past and open source is the way to go.
	She has studied at GNDU. We used to go there for jogging - papa has done phd from there ; friend left for foreign from there.
	He has stayed at bangalore TCS, Noida, Bangalore near Bagmane tech park.
	bike travel to mahadevpura from Domlur - bangalore traffic so should stay close - traffic so found a way - no you should find a tunnel, flyover is story of past. need surang now.
	Something may not be very attractive - making a guest explore your place even dang places which are not to liking doesn't matter but that you value their company and want to give them some great experience is what matters. It is your willingness to serve 7 in some way the best you can - what 7 thinks is none of our business - doesn't matter even a little bit - only service willingness matters the purpose of VAS itself - not the dang perceptions and its repercussions.
	Yes bank, married details and tell they are guides corona, etc.
		Delhi dange, it has been ever decreasing and people not tolerant with that.
	Joke - he stays reserved after corona outbreak.
	Akamai - CDN; EnY at present consulting.
Logs - EQData - Story - Bade hokar kya banoge - angutha, papa banunga - people started calling him that.
	Bedi waali story. Thug life.
	In touch still give me thumbs up and show thumb to bank customers.
	Dr Sharma - nail came out he took 10 Rs - viral since our school days. vs Delhi 1K before we talk. here 20 Rs and fixed.
	Poetic expression - Anything gets beautified. My husband is poet - write good about me not bad - as if bad exists - not all fingers are equal - all fingers are perfect when connected to body and have their individual importance.
	Spice aversion she is which is good thing but fond of curd. So gol guppa with curd. Cough if extra spice - ate maggi masala like paan parag.
	Shopping coordination - I have managed b4, now at home and b4 marriage. You wearing coat pant - gown is ok - no, i ain't wearing gown.
	I don't sleep b4 11:30 - why some gatekeeping duty
	Shift from hotel to another in NIT Jsr.
	Conception of reception comes when not everyone can come to marriage and they need to be informed and seeked blessings from. Else marriage is enough.
		games on marriage day.
Logs - EQData - No mask - who sneezes on your face. It's reusing the hands which is problem. You came from Barcelona, OMG - it's already more than 2 weeks and nothing happened (stretched the number) and talked logically.
Logs - EQData - if you wanna sell then all expenses can be incurred by the new colleague. Even if I get 2/3 of fridge price - it should be a deal cuz new fridge will be a welcome thing.
	hails - types of kisses, cdm wear, science of kissing.
	But is that all I am gonna do, keep on buying new one and wasting time, money, etc with all the risks that come with new piece. What did you think originally - stick with it.
	Google: budget 2020 income tax highlights
	https://www.iciciprulife.com/insurance-library/income-tax/income-tax-slabs-rate-deductions.html
Logs - EQData - why medicine after food - To reduce side effects of stomach irritation, including indigestion, stomach inflammation or ulcers. Some medicines can irritate the stomach, and taking them with food will reduce this effect. Things such as biscuits or a sandwich, or a glass of milk, are usually enough.
Logs - EQData - Byju on AI - so wherever the child is falling short is the module they need to revisit. Is it AI but good.
	appraise your children. Ask question and let them suck and then show them the solution. Being aggressive in the face. So much lagan that forget about his home sometimes.
Logs - EQData - Pharmaceuticals of any kind have same base - chemicals from natural source, extracted ones or created artifically outside the same chemicals. But essence is same - mind ability to cure is also a concept here.
	All of them assist natural processes which include immune system to reinstate in natural position.
Logs - EQData - Rent - 
	Location / Area - nearby places/ landmarks/ approachability
		C - Rowdy people in the night make noises. Possibility of home delivery (of food, clothes, grocery, etc)
		N - close to work, market, hospital, transport - railway station, airport, bus stop and service, child school, Malls, etc.
		I - in tech park, very peaceful vicinity, etc.
	Amenities / Society - 
		C - water tankers, electricity outages, etc.
		N - 
			Security - Personnel, CCTV, Gated
			Health and safety - Garden, games, pool, gym, play area, health facilities, Fire safety, walkable area.
			Community (games, fun activities) - MPH, Visitors parking space.
			Maintenance services - intercom, Maintenance staff, Lift, Library, Gas pipeline
		I - 
			Games - Play Area, Tennis, Badminton, Jogging Track, Basket Ball Court, Volley Ball, Skating area, Snookers, Billiards Carrom Board, Squash Court, Club house.
			Inner market - Spa, Yoga, Aerobics, meditation room, Home Theater Audio Visual Hall, Salloon, Temple, ATM, Park, Jacuzzi Steam, Sauna, Open Lawns for party, Convenience store, Cafe.
			Eco Friendly - Earthquake Resistant MPH, Rain Water Harvesting, Solar power, Drainage and Sewage Treatment.
	Property / House -
		NIC -
			C - Incomplete (fans missing hinjewadi, etc), improper (wardrobe malfunction), objectionable (bug problem) anything.
				Decor imp - Nailing allowed, Not ground floor (really!!).
				Semi-furnishing stuffs - kitchen set up, wardrobes enough, storage for luggage space.
				Think equipments' needs -
					Sufficient sockets at right places (like fridge).
					separate washing area near drainage. Drying area - Wire or stand - comes with it?
			N
				Config - floor, BHK, extensions (balconies, toilets), carpet area, Furnish state, etc.
					Area Vastu (in sense that sunrays should enter the house some time of the day)
				restrictions - bachelors allowed, pets, non-veg.
			I - Balcony awesome view, availability of service personnel (cooks, maids, water, etc), 
			uncat - tiles.
	Agreement details - brokerage, security deposit, rent, available from, etc.
	Areas
		Whitefield
			Luxury societies - 28K, sd 1K. rather 32 +/- 4. 3BHK - mode is 45. 1BHk - 20 +/- 2. But there are many outliers.
			Common societies - 
			Sobha - https://www.commonfloor.com/listing/semi-furnished-2bhk-apartment-for-rent-in-panathur-bangalore-at-sobha-dream-acres/q99rkzoe7c2dkk0o
				Hemant
				Broker
				9741572676
				no answer
			SLS - https://www.commonfloor.com/location-listing/mm8ybf3l4iit4tji
				Vision green properties
				Broker
				9591025824
				occupied but will revert for more.
			Prestige - https://www.commonfloor.com/listing/semi-furnished-2bhk-apartment-for-rent-in-varthur-bangalore-at-prestige-lakeside-habitat/2dammch0b8w17eli
				Sarvamangala Realtors
				Broker
				9742048465
				I dont see it - will send you a number.
			Brigade - https://www.commonfloor.com/listing/semi-furnished-2bhk-apartment-for-rent-in-old-madras-road-bangalore-at-brigade-golden-triangle/wsgpod13qhrfza9o
				PAVAN PROPERTIES
				Broker
				8197599899
				switched off.
			Maybe not recognized ones but have walking space and have peace, spaciousness.
			SLV Sky Houses - Motoraju G / Rajeshwar
				Individual
				7981376299 - come now.
		Filters - Whitefield, 1-2 BHK, power backup and parking.
		Commonfloor e1 approached.
		Security deposit Rent should be typically 5 months rent in Bangalore.
	Thoughts
		Semi vs full furnished - luggage, equipments - not fully furnished cuz if staying more than 2 years - your loss would have got all these assets.
		toilet should have exhaust, holder for clothes, etc.
		PG, PG as a service, Bare minimum societies (very small - a step above PG). independent house, Colonies/ row house (separation between adjacent houses)/ villas. Normal societies, Luxury societies.
		Approach - 
			look for outliers in the luxury societies
			look at normal societies in upper limit of my budget to see if something hits
			reconsider the budget or config if none of the above hits.
Logs - EQData - Varina - vara means varsha (year) - after 1 year, some food to brahmin and 1 year and then celebrations. It's basically donations of food, utensils, etc.
Logs - EQData - Rent
	ghar ki betiyan should be happy and should be sent with happiness.
	People don't like ground floor - all insect, saamp-sapole, all dirt from top comes down. Rats and shit. Cleanliness guaranteed. Higher flood then tiresomeness but lift takes care of that. Better view rather. Rates reduce with floors.
	Society can arrange labor people for movers from one floor to another. They have people.
	Negotiate on rent and security deposit amount and also on brokerage charges.
	car parking - visitor parking space may not be best situated for that.
Logs - EQData - Empathy expected but is also given. How reasonable someone is
	What's the best bet - new guy pays you security deposit - I pay only at "all tenant" atomic separation - but if not worst case we will be forced to. Can stretch for half month but then racing with booking new flat. 
	I have the case study of previous tenant. When prevoius tenant left - no1 to replace cuz raised price to accomonate one. So got 51K much later when I joined and some agreement with owner.
Logs - EQData - SAP vs Sap - adore 1 person - me for socializing and I adored sampth for initiative of approach b4 actual work starts. 
Logs - EQData - Car cover thought of after rain is MOI. MOG would have been what's need thinking proactively.
Logs - EQData - Rent
	Sun face do we see? Store, Pegions. Guizer, lighting, etc.
	Amenities - Supermarket, parking space see.
	Facilities - maid, cook, etc
	Rent agreement u make, break up of rent + maintenance, yoy how much
		Bargain - rebate, booking amt, sd 1L.
Logs - EQData - Car key lapse - I kept it on my seat and as I lifted my helmet from seat, the key fell to the ground without me knowing it.
	but rechecking b4 leaving if transaction is complete saved me.
Logs - EQData - Rent
	Space for bike is common, chimney to be installed, car slot number cuz room can't be found non-sequential but e1 has it for sure.
	Maintenance and monthly to owner she will pay to society, leaving process 1 month painting charges eth else is fine.
	guizer in both the toilets, wall hangings allowed, fittings, snakes, veggies, water outside every day 2 cans or on call basis also saw a boy driving empty cans so yup,
	orion mall starts in 2 months,
	club house games, vending machine, money with agreement, others are staying so must be ok,
	outside close by also market exists in like 1 km by vehicle it's easy. Regular buses confirmed it on maps and saw it personally.
	1K + NOC for vehicle cards.
Logs - EQData - Infy big parantha in pune - was dev govindas b4 - even photos and lassi, makhan.
Logs - EQData - It's covid threat so no maid coming and hence we distributed work amongst us.
Logs - EQData - Team viewer for remote desktop control.
Logs - EQData - cooking chicken in kitchen
	communicating like mature man that you don't feel comfortable so if he can order from outside instead of cooking while I am there cuz I feel a little awkward (solution also given with it).
	People are generally considerate but even if you have it doesn't work your way, it is worth taking a stand and let there be difference so let it be out there that there were some problems and you don't shy away from that.
Logs - EQData - Behavior standardization 
	I moved to author action and then to resolved state and repeat this once more 
	given my experience with him in past as an observer, it was already quite probable that he would call back with smallest of issue he encounters.
Logs - EQData - Rent
	How good is owner - how favorable.
	taking to security guard to bypass the agent or broker "look for your profits man how much salary do you get" - he will take away so much money so why don't you give owner contacts and we will give you commission.
Logs - EQData - Rent 
	broker called me there and was missing cuz of rain and current tenant was gonna come after 30 mins but said I had to wait for 10 mins to keep me engaged.
	In my mind, I felt this delayed information (previous experience with not informing on time about previous owner backing out from the offer) providing aspect very inapt from his part and scolded or reprimanded him for it. This shows lack of respect for customer.
	This broker misinformed me about the maintenance being 4.3K which factually is 2.8 - after joining the tenant came to know. He was paying 21 instead of 22 for 2 BHK (duh! comparing 3 BHK rate but I didn't think about it in desperation).
	The owners misquote maintenance to make it 17+4 which could have been 17+2.8 = 19.8 but they don't give so much dang.
	Tenant suggested I should ask for rent to be 20K giving reasons like recession, bangalore costs, being far distanced, etc instead of he paying 21 and quoting 22 with hopes of negotiation thinking reasonably.
	He suggested move in only after the exhaust and fan are in place but he may suspect that tenant said that so tell you saw some places and observed some differences to ensure that the current tenant doesn't get bad reputation by bad choice of words.
	Good walk around the campus but chasing child dog like shit. It bites claimed a girl - he won't; carry on, I said.
	Society has gardens for chiku, water on app, water on personal going and exchanging. Veggies and fruits in C-block. Mall opened but closed due to corona scare - it will reopen.
	All current residents said that they were not facing any challenge or problem with the current society. Important to get first hand experience.
	Facilities get better over time; groceries thru truck. 
	The online food delivery services only from few restaurants not all so a little bit problem not significant one. 
	Connectivity is good for cabs. 
	Mobile network both airtel and Jio worked but airtel was much better.
	Mosquito problem only from gates and never from balcony do they enter.
Logs - EQData - Jokes - You are sharing your screen - yes, I know so it is GDPR compliant; Well at home you sit in homely way - well you looked quite dressed only tie was missing - tie on top of t-shirt definitely makes a good combination - yes come in quirky ways - well I will have to buy ghagra then.
Logs - EQData - this decision of moving in advance so that when Kritika comes to join Bangalore, I should have a room was a very lossy, building on tentatives, and not the best narrative to choose.
	Ideally I should have gone with she comes and joins and after joining formalities are all done, she comes once and for all to stay at Bangalore and that's when the residence should be available.
Logs - EQData - Joke - Corona phase when I was getting married as if transcendence was telling me "Koro na" - "Oh, do it" or it can also mean "don't do it" - welcome to married life.
Logs - EQData - levels of curfews - Section 144 (no gathering), Lockdown (essentials available), Curfew, Marshal Law (shoot on sight)
	Jalianwallah bagh was under marshall law so they made themselves vulnerable for freedom sake.
	So britain was self styled governance which served its own purposes and giving least dang for people's well being.
Logs - EQData - Joke - Remote training will be like Christopher Nolan movie - watch it 4-5 times and you will get it.
Logs - EQData - Joining SAP onboarding without physical presence - got I number, submitted on the details thru form.
	Only 1 problem that bank not prescribed by SAP for the country and hence tell me what to do - we have lockdown till 14th april - this will affect next months payslip also along with the arrears.
	Banks prescribed by SAP - city, HDFC, HSBC, ICICI, Deutsche. Axis not one of them - why? maybe some contracts.
Logs - EQData - DFTBAQ - Dont forget to be asking questions ; Don't forget to be awesome.
Logs - EQData - Compensation
	8.5 is less - it is but relative and you had lesser opportunities - not really I really contributed a lot to NSME last year UI was shit but it was for everybody why catch one.
		we got a range of 8-11% for our team and so divided among ourselves as per performance. Average performance according to her which is appalling.
		Some even got 16% - so the bar set by higher management is just an indication for them.
		The product-wise share of the profits are distributed as per some logic - out of the lumpsum of total profits. Profits vs shareholder's money 
			no profit does not belong to shareholders but to functioning - share holder has claims of the "company or business property".
			Profits is just an indication for the stakeholders that the worth of company is high - if they decide to sell off the company, the money obtained per share should be that much.
	made up for it in bonus for you. 99 total and from this year 101 something. 99 total is last year's till march and this FIN year's planned bonus till december. The current FY till march will be given in next march.
	Role remains T1-2 - yes - see you get what you fight for.
	00163E942A231EEA99EA88FF9EC6E1BB
	Called up IT - for newer laptops the direct access is disabled.
Logs - EQData - aane nahi de rahe the with reasons kya hai, kal chale jaana ek din ki to baat hai - no it was really difficult for us. If other person is understanding such logical discussions become pleasurable.
Logs - EQData - is it not too convenient given that women wanna be independent these days - no hard work required. More serious if have child and harassment proof.
	aap aur mein kuchh nahi kar sakte - to kya beti chhod den - they are hell bent on 
	darte hain mere saamne aane se - saans lene se pehle sochte hain andar len ya bahar.
Logs - EQData - Yes we can divorce but with maturity.
Logs - EQData - Vocab - Repetitive pattern in my conversations - matlab, aah that I use.
Logs - EQData - Traverse then tensions vs settle with tensions - yes divorce but with maturity. In general even with good cases, even sulah with maturity. EQ Growth to take different stands - your responses also create learning. 
Logs - EQData - Plan for talks 
	Problems - not low level although numerous but mentality and nature wise which are very difficult to change - Revenge mentality (why phone not picked; why phone names changed; why ring removed)
	mentality to give burns - Hypocrite - face inside out different - home or nangal - lacking willingness like with walks; lacking initiative so depending on parents won't talk to me; 
	Insulting nature - should cultivate respect. Kadva bolna (bad taste).
	Parents change face.
Logs - EQData - Rain dance story with Kritika. Gol Gappe arranged for her. Jalandhar stalking. Nights outs for her when no electricity. Fun with troubling others - like chess game spoilt and bald headed uncle ridiculed.
Logs - EQData - Uncle thinking himself guilty - no you don't cuz st stars don't favor.
Logs - EQData - College asked name for router and logged a complaint. Best decision is that dissatisfied e1 equally. Getting to ask questions which he encouraged our OOAD prof.
Logs - EQData - do you understand how difficult it is for a girl to be alone with a guy - who happens to be your husband.
Logs - EQData - You rush to mum - ok, ok and then what do I do!! you cook stories. Tahnks for letting me know; I didn't know that.
	I don't share with mum - yes I should be your puppet right.
	Polity - Narrative by me - call me ed morning - prof clg mein ho don't force that in real life - I wanna but busy these days - you 2-3 mins - justify, philosophize (doori se dil paas aate hain), formality kaisi, sure sure - sarpanchan da sir mathe parnala utthe da utthe. Why not better dil khol ke, distraction from work; reality answer - like you really.
		wanna talk facade QA - let's have fun with it. It's all light armor fights - who gives dang toEthe soul.
		Hands on case study - you learn the most - idea is how to have fun in ashram facade.
	Aapne drishyam dekhi hai - maine bhi dekhi hai topic change. Ok then talk you later - why - just suggesting a movie.
	Duniyadari - intel ke beech mein kaam hota hai - so polity not necessary - not really, have fun with it.
	Need so much politics and all but whatever necessary that's there (decent) - kaun sa political party kholni hai.
	Intrusion may not be unreasonable.
	Sadda jawai na bigaad dayin. Sadda kutta kutta..
	Lokoktis = tana = political lessons for life eg - kehna tee nu, sarpanchan da sir mathe, tit for tat.
	she love me so much that can't see me in pain - what pain - leave it.
	Transactional question - master data answer. You time to write sms - oh you don't know that there's config for it.
	Drame - Overstate bank work which in reality is sasta work. Thanks for spoiling it for me.
	She lacks curiosity to know about me. Only wanna tell and you outta etiquette listen and make her feel good so as to continue.
	She is full of fabrication to change your mind on what happened.
	I have excellent networking - IIITB, SAP, Siemens - recall. But I lack leverage, standardizing, commitment/ going deep in it 
	why? sensitive - chamdi moti kar lo
	Importance of giving verbal burns direct or indirect when apt - intel burn eg Stephan Rezag on Scanned Invoice w/o him but he was not unreasonable.
		Eg - Seven team in IIITB ebay probject - Avinash given no help - even me but my relations saved me even with those that were angry.
Logs - EQData - Surabhi didi call.
	Marriage demands effort but should be backbone and not another tension - oh, I am home, shit. Not that you start hating girls over years - there are desirable, undesirable both kinds. We need a person just right for us.
	Not being respected is worse problem than immaturity. Mental peace is so important like a/c turned off and your hand shaking. Hamen nahi ASR pasand.
	After call she felt reinforced on her msg - said even if they come pleading we ain't continuing.
	dil ki awaaz suno. If no mental peace, then if not now, it will come back in future.
	Stakes increase with time like with marriage going to happen - if child or 3-4 years then mid life crisis also. Squeezing possible - they will always show their character that I am center - can't sit on head.
	You jump in murk to fight with pig - even if you win you get dirty.
	Take divorce if go running to parent - that behavior won't work; not proud of me being district topper, SAP work. Self respect else it won't work; song sung; so much purchase for her; gift for her brother all forgotten.
	Not face value but talk - my requirements explained and see if it can work - a/c switched off what's respect - she married but didn't leave her home - a/c bill more important to her. 30K spent shopping and I didn't even mention that's my nature - bhanak bhi nahi hone di. Kitna samjhayenge - turning off my phone audio; letting a/c run. All set ups from your side to bitch about later.
	1 km door chal rahe the aap - I touch you say don't do that; I don't and only talk then you say Km away. What do you want. Try to talk when you on phone.
	you are a liability but I can give you 1 more try though it's hope against hope.
Logs - EQData - Revengeful attitude - why revealed our private talks with family. Kritika's mother so she changed to Saurabh's mother.
Logs - EQData - Vadde patience lose nahi karde. Danny taan nahi chahida at least not me. Dhamki nahi, wo Sanskar hi nahi hain. Kapde dhoye kyun taaki sunao baad mein. Kavita then mama. Ur responsibility - what's wrong free ki roti todni hai. Unko sab suna diya didi ne. Eth he shares with parents, how do you know. I heard - are these good manners? He doesn't answer - cuz no response. And talk to you so that you publicise with parents. Your boring talks - apni hi sunate rehna baat karna nahi hota but I listened cuz I wanted to make it work. You had no curiosity - I speak you want to tell your old stories. Unko asli punjabi nahi takre, ro ke ghar jayenge aur pankha dekh ke samajh nahi aayega ki chalayen ya latken. Didi again said stay away from my bro. What an interesting turn of events - such a great story. God's sense of humour - chali iske maze leta hoon - don't feel guilty - we checked eth we could and with confidence, even I was happy with my filters being met, but whatever is supposed to happen must happen.
Logs - EQData - Nikhil Paaji informed about people who get robbed during massage in Thailand - so that's there.
Logs - EQData - Observation - saw people towing vehicles from footpath - felt bad about it.
Logs - EQData - Kerela Food - 
	Puttu (grinded rice with coconut), Kadala Curry (black chana masala) 
	appam dosa on kadai - served with veg stew or coconut milk.
	Idiyappam (best when served with coconut milk)
Logs - EQData - New year celebration in Bangalore - remember articles we used to write in school days.
Logs - EQData - Bad Politics - Dirty People
	Given flat and gave security deposit and rent advance but before rent agreement - he called and said tell broker that you are not interested in the flat, I will help you save your broker money - I don't need that cuz company will reimburse me - no, plz do that (trap is laid) - don't mess relp with owner so let's do it.
	Beware there's a rule that says if tenant vacates then 1K fine of broker fees else if owner backs out, then 5K of fine (full). Intent - he wants to save his 4K = 5K to be paid and 1K he will actually reimburse to tenant.
	Call after few days, see there's a problem we family is moving here and you need to leave so start looking. Ok, suspicion of his game plan. Talked to broker and told him that owner is playing bad games.
	2 days before next step he reimburses full money (security deposit, rent and 1K fine to Syami)
	within a week, call for bad room condition and gadda outside, that you need to leave right now. Please look somewhere else. Told Heena about everything this guy was up to and take keys for new flat and leaves. 
	No big worries. But just see this so called jain from Haryana can sell himself (his virtuous side) for 4K money, how bad that is.
	Here 1 safe side should have been - costing correctness for political correctness - why should I say that I wanna leave the flat. Where is 1 month notice - without rent agreement there is none. Even verbal but eth reimbursed and you said to broker you don't like it here - so you are fully trapped. Not money-wise but discomfortwise - he wants to rollback, he should take full responsibility of 5K for that. But we Indians want it cheap - no equivalent exchange.
	So rent agreement is first thing to do. Do it yourself and not rely on the owner.
Logs - EQData - You are already buying late - no it is not late. It is late when it is beginning to concern you, pinching and pain causing over and again.
	if future need and addressing it now, then it is needful and you are smart.
	But if you do it very well in advance cuz of infatuation or grats then that's also good but that's MOP technically. Others being MOG and MOI.
Logs - EQData - Joke - Was it love marriage or arranged marriage. It was arranged, then love, then marriage. So, arranged love or love was arranged. 3! permutations possible.
Logs - EQData - Joke - we don't need Ram temple but hospital for covid - I could give serious answer but let's do it some other day - for now, we also need doctors so shall we change our professions? Some disruptors and even original cause of problem could be avoided with spiritual hospitals at least minimized. But they belonged to spiritual hospital so idk, rabb rakha.
Logs - EQData - SCM course finishing took a lotta time earlier but this time it was much faster although I didn't take notes on UIs but other notes I had.
	desiring to do something once with perfection vs multiple times with getting better everything. The latter is much better than former cuz that is more natural. Gradient Descent.
Logs - EQData
	Madhumakhi driven out in IIITB and heat exit for laptop using the shoe rack.
	Bread potato besan remix (tikki like for easy roast) and sauce opening. and replacement to immediately procure use somebody's not opened pack and replace it b4 he intends to use it.
	Bread crumbled into Chhole for thick looks.
Logs - EQData - NIT JSR time - strange fears that what if I wake up tomorrow and don't feel KC?
Logs - EQData - Insects in masala powders - filtered thru chhanani, small grains passed thru and then used haldiram packet to be used as filter - stack mode or queue mode - used stack mode.
	also used hands in queue mode with plate underneath so could redo it for 5% loss.
Logs - EQData - Kabutar problem solved in Bangalore.
Logs - EQData - Meeting get together - Thanos agents, Indore - jiravan, Punjab Haath kat rahe, shaadi - not online, underground, 1 guess would be right, Saurabh most popular, 
	when his turn comes you will be able to identify it all.
Logs - EQData - Poems in senior secondary
	Single Para Poem
		Sanchit kosh ka hua khshay to kya
		svasthya nashta ho to hai vyatha
		par hua yadi nashta charitra
		to aapke paas bacha kya!!
	Kaisa drishya dikh raha anokha varsha uparant
		mod marg megh chal diye path par pad rakhkar aise
		chal padi ran path par sena jaise!!
		mand mand sameer chale jaa rahe
		prano ko sancharit jaano kiye jaa rahe
		nanhe baal bayaar se maano ude jaa rahe
		nishkalush baal krida kar anandit hue jaa rahe!!
		gad gad ke svar nikal damini damki
		pramudit taru maano hil hilkar taror ko kar rahe vida hon
		vihag varid ki or bhaag rahe hain jaise bhakta svadesh par fida hon!!
		fir ho jaata hai sab shant
		man chahta hai vahi vaat
		vahi drishya dikhe phir anokha varsha uparant!!
	Note jalane ka rashtriya shauk
		lo aa gayi dekhte dekhte diwali
		ham sabne diwali mudit ho manai
		saje dhaje sab bahar nikale
		ghar se khakar desi ghee ki mithai
		noton ko aaj aag lagai
		note kaho ya patake kya antar hai
		ham mein aag lagane ki pravritti chalti nirantar hai.
		yahaan baal bhagavan ka roop kehlate hain
		ye bhagavaan ke roop dhuan kitna failate hain.
		Jahaan ek or sth dhuein ka rona roti hai
		vahin dharti tezabi varsha ka katu paan kar soti
		dekhoge to jaanoge yah khushi
		jyon bhatakte musafir ko kafila mil gaya hai
		chehkte khag sam arthavyavastha ka dhancha dhal gaya hai.
		Kintu yah logon ko rozgar deta hai.
		isse ve apni udar purti karen to kya harz hai
		par vipaksh binduon ko kaun dekhta hai 
		yahi to marz hai.
		.....
		kadkadate note jalakar ham kyun na bharatvasi kehlayen!!
	All College poems in dvds but problem is that dvd reader is in Amritsar - will add that when possible.
	My wows
		Kabse bhukha baitha tha bande, vyasta tha thandi zuban sekhne main
		Aaj jo dron mein pyaar dikha, Kya tosh tha tujhe tab dekhne mein!!
			//We don't eat prasadam in front of lord cuz of consciousness - but it can be very interesting like RSP told to eat. eating in love - that delights Krishna.
		tapan kab hi bhai hai, bhai, dabaya koyla kevalX kuredne ke liye nahi
		kadwi davaa (peeda)X mein bhi pyaar tha mera, heere sirf sambhalne ke liye nahi!!
			//my evolution after college
		kamnaon se adhik poshit paudha, yogyata ke pare, par na kripa kabhi jatai hai
		akele upadhi sitaron mein wo roshni kahaan, jo vichar chingari [sang]? se aapke [aaj]? aayi hai!!
			//Govindam Adi purusham, I got more than desire or deserve, Goswamis but all devoted to Krishna - most talented bow and new crows don't.
		tu meri to thi par hai, ki jagriti jo aaj jaag gayi
		mere chahat bhar ke liye, maan bhi apni tu tyag gayi.
			//Jagannath sees good qualities with his big eyes in devs who may have some small apparent flaws; Senior dev and devs may get affected. PS I am a neophyte I just share my little knowledge whether apt or not.
	Templates
		tu sun raha tha, mein tujhe sunta dekh raha tha.
		sab chhodkar tujhko chaha, tujho paakar sabko chaha. sabko chahkar sabko paaya.
Logs - EQData - Lunch Discussions with team
	New colleagues asking - release, regression, automation testing, 
	Anime - cartoon for adults - I don't mean adult contents.
		you have time for that. It has to be made. Like your stomach is full and rasgulla comes in front then make space for it. Like we are talking and Juergen asks for meeting, we will make way for him.
	Cooking - always good. If I complain, insult is mine only. How you surprised? cuz it was not just good, it was too good (much above threshold).
		cooking engineers, cooking architects, cooking scientists.
		I take images of food from different angles like it's not food but some model.
	PS4 - Last of us - we live in dystopian future. Law of attraction - Story sunane ke liye mehnat ki hai. Movies and TV series jaise nahi, baithe raho story ka pataa chal jayega.
	Your tastes never match - but my likings is union of their tastes so good for me.
	Suggestions
		grave of fireflies.
		Rony and Barty.
		Panchayat.
		Patallok - good acting, fokat story. Betal - white walkers kind.
		video game h...
	What's the plan for the weekend - move from one room to the other.
	My roommate is going to get married so visiting Rajasthan, MP, etc - to Sir aap to apne liye ek space suit kharid ke rakh lo.
Logs - EQData - Backlog - Pirates of caribbean, Dunkirk, etc.
Logs - EQData - Home Discussions
	Car going home
		going out for few days so thought of informing - gotta sometimes move car forward and backward but you have my number.
		So that you don't expect and don't find me. So, informing.
		don't specify days. And can entend - I will come soon - you have my number - not met parents for some time. Will come back in short while.
		will come back as soon as possible.
	start with attitude of success - then your words, mannerisms - everything gets aligned.
	Talk to abhinav - talk state, transitions - health disease safety, food, social matters like how flight happened and constraints, relationships, etc 
		what's the plan regarding holidays for wedding.
Logs - EQData - Dancing Fountains in Infosys - Pattern recognition of sound waves and adapt fountain pressures accordingly. Even Vrindavan Gardens had them I think.
Logs - EQData - Chikki.
Logs - EQData - Plumbing - Tap water regulator is just facade for actual part under the facade fixed with a nut.
	There is a filter at the exit - so if flow is reduced it is perhaps due to dirt in the filter.
	Could have also asked him for clogged water channel but forgot about it.
Logs - EQData - Story - Narrative planned for car parking - which gate most favorable, if stopped to ask then see this parking badge but if asked it is bike - well I am yet to take it for car, I will do it. No, you first do it - well let me make entry else car is vulnerable outside - already talked with parking space is outside the scope of talks with just executors of orders. Let them assume I will park at my place only.
Logs - EQData - Cheapness has a problem of staying stuck at where you are cheap at - those who are everyday cheap with bus fair, ain't splitting the atom for sure.
Logs - EQData - Flatmate cheapness that room bolted. I allowed him until it pinched (concern level) and it was time to have a discussion.
	fridge manipulation ok until I really need that space and he one day threw an item - discussion time and told him what's not acceptable and even he would not like to face that. Mature attitude and people are generally understanding - rare to find a person who is adamant rascal.
	This is actually sign of smartness - that I don't play games that are not even rewarding or even loss is insignificant. I play games that reward in wholesale.
Logs - EQData - Story - "Chal pajj itthon" in childhood trying to scare away children running on terrace - blind following doesn't work that well. Space segregation in classes when looking at teacher's register in primary school - raising voice when concerned. That's how even countries get divided - want peace then be ready for war.
Logs - EQData - SqData - Story - GA visit in early KC days for dev in NIT JSR. Function and so inspired by statement that you do little, I will do far more. I liked it. Seniors disapproved it - which was right from higher goal perspective but wrong in the sense that Krishna is shelter for artharthi also and should not be taken lightly. That's also a testimony to Krishna's reciprocative nature. Narad didn't stop Dhruva but engaged him for higher pursuits.
Logs - EQData - Michael Cremo Pr's lecture organized and arranged by us - but I slept that afternoon so missed his session.
Logs - EQData - ISKCON Nasik also I have gone. Nigdi installation I have seen. Vrindavanchandra installation also. Felt very happy on seeing the deities - engaged in services throughout the day. Kolkata cooking seva also whole day and night no coupon so served and still very happy - 7 came from nowhere giving me coupons.
	have seen panchavati and caves of different types there. Hampi caves, Anjanadri parvat (Steep mountain), etc. Udupi connected to madhvacharya, also Ramanujacharya's place have seen.
Logs - EQData - Stories sources - History, civics, geo, economics, psyychology, science, movies, real life stories (Crime petrol, etc)
	Personal stories - strictly speaking eth is story and anecdote but no attractive enough for quoting - there has to be infotainment, laughter etc. Ur experiments with social world counts.
	what is story or anecdote worth telling? to start with anything that's isn't normal - talking normal's abstractions is important as information not entertainment.
	no concrete stories detail of abstract concepts.
	even that can be if it has emotions like how pointing a new company works - how my first experience felt; the more of information kind story of course but you will meet some Mr X who'd tell u how shit works.
	Exceptions - standard known ones or new ones - how u resolved a problem. You encounters.
	Social media stories like quora and friends.
Logs - EQData - Story - Met a nice muslim gentleman when searching for a new flat. Searching for himself but helped also.
Logs - EQData - Story - Complaint by sadist on why no test for the grandma after departure - in doctor's knowledge it happened and why extend troubles of others.
Logs - EQData - Vocab - leave, make leave, vacate (my action, make someone take an action, trigger action from an object).
Logs - EQData - Stories - bottle stealers in SAP Event (long travel, mobile power). Goa lost. Yol Cantt.
	frog sacrifice avoided in bio lab..
Logs - EQData - Acting of Balaram and had foreseen that if my turban opens I can tie it around my thighs. It actually happened but I had backup ready.
	Acting Hiranyakashipu and crashed on my head but continued for the sake of drama. Later went and showed that to doctor.
Logs - EQData - to ensure that you have maximum coverage of fridge you spread the bread horizontally - this is sign of sankuchit chetna.
	but if you don't accept the person's nature as it is then you also share the problem. But open minded - if there is place elsewhere I will keep it there.
	If no space is left, then either do necessary changes on your own or we need to talk it head on.
	Be open minded like Punjabis - spending like a rich man
		but not gullible or willing to be taken advantage of 
		it really doesn't matter in favor of relationships - naal lai jaana hai?
		Wanna sit with me for once - this choice itself invites favors (of course, mutually and regulated as per reciprocations but still, it does).
Logs - EQData - Tejinder - Don't care about it enough to change it or let it even go on.
Logs - EQData - Polity - Non participation and if it gets selected then we will see and I will join the project.
Logs - EQData - After killing mosquitos say sorry to them, it's good manners.
Logs - EQData - Planned approach Pyaar else bagaavat karke people will come out - so right to let people out for 4 hours. Good for economics also.
Logs - EQData - Joke - Virus and Bacteria are outta jobs - no1 asks them.
Logs - EQData - Joke - talked for 1 hr with fiance why - not useless like weather or pets but kasmir or china issue we discussed.
Logs - EQData - Poetry - ignored Krishna thru 7th offence but still available for relp. Love expression with nothing expected in return but if you don't see it - there is pleasure of lamentation of love.
Logs - EQData - crawling how to go outta door.
	There's also area scrum master.
	Work pressure - I am used to this now. No complaints there.
Logs - EQData - Poetry - Ummeed Ashva
	ashva ne nad na paar kiya mali ne jyun pushpa pehle kali sanyaar kiya.
	Shram kami ka dukha na kar ab tu sadhna sah ubhar.
	par pakshi ke par pakad payod pahunch pani pee le, Payod ka paani pahunchega neeche nahi.
	Udna hoga pankh thakane honge tabhi bhavishya ka lakshya milega sahi.
	Safal samay tab door nahi jab vidit ho safalta niyam, 
	drida nishya shram and haar se hi milega kachre se bhi lakshya radium.
Logs - EQData - Joke - My laptop broke - oh! so you were playing galli cricket with it?!
Logs - EQData - New tax regime is the way to go in any case - could think of making some graphs for telling others - but covered my case and in any case, new regime is the way for me to go.
Logs - EQData - https://www.wikihow.com/Make-Garlic-Juice
	1 US tspn = 98 drops (google); Garlic liquid - 1 clove = 1 tspn (wiki)
		One clove of garlic produces roughly 1 teaspoon of juice. There are 48 teaspoons in a cup.
		15 drops means less than 1 clove needed. Ways - strainer and spatula, garlic press, food processor (chopper, blender, grinder, mixer), flat side of the blade.
Logs - EQData - Which Tax plan for this year
	It's not that straight - My savings being 150+50+89 for this year. For new salary old is good for me, once I get increments the new regime would be better for me.
	https://www.iciciprulife.com/insurance-library/income-tax/income-tax-slabs-rate-deductions.html
	draw 2 charts to compare - another solution just draw for the slabs and for old regime - just x needs to be moved to left to compare.
	8.8 - old is good.
	10.19 - 79 (new) vs 62K (old) - old
	16.8 - 187+60 (new) vs 187+50 (old) - old
	19.8 - 187+160 (new) vs 262+70 (old) - old
	https://plotly.com/javascript/, excel.
Logs - EQData - alcohol ke chhinte aankhon par.
Logs - EQData - Discussions - With corona phase new business opportunities will also come - like managing the furniture etc to be delivered to home thru GPS tracking and procuring, etc. Tracing your resources - so we can make softwares over there.
Logs - EQData - Plan for Shok
	Practical discussions - what happened logistics, lockdown so pass making. Affect on mummy.
	age and perfect way to go - attachments so difficulty involved, Blessing we got.
	Kritika - you are stable now right. difficult but with strength bid good bye so that can focus on office work. Health of eb, logistics. Office?
Logs - EQData - Mooli for jaundice.
Logs - EQData - Joke - Any new work I see as prasad - let it come - but hota thoda hi hai.
Logs - EQData - Joke
	Line of logic to undesirable end - you want her - then do it in the mess. Go get that beautiful pig (simile).
	hyperbole or literal hyperbole - so fat that high school guy to do see saw with.
	cock sound - is that you (obvious question) - door ring what's that sound - you (truth teller - context setting).
	I get to have sex with star of the play - people can hear you - I know (frame change - context setting).
	What does this switch do - nothing - does it not bother you don't know what it did - I know; it did nothing (zidd - human tendency).
	how can you not care - like this; gesture (context - immediate, remote; etc.)
	prank of humming with switch - that freaking sound turn him off (not notice the obvious - sticking to routine; zidd).
	There's a phoebe on my sandwich - context change
Logs - EQData - vocab - cool - very relaxed; not affected by other's opinions or judgments but authentic and self love.
	fun loving. opposite of being very serious with life.
Logs - EQData - Papa business - 
	bad field I chose didn't like the ambience and mentality of people (adulteration a norm, kinda people you gotta deal with - not white collar acads anymore).
	no guide problem - see it again comes back to caste not by janma but higher effort required to become champ of field that is somewhat different from home culture.
Logs - EQData - Joke - Either correct in 2 days or keep quiet for eternity. Include them so that dubenge to milkar dubenge.
Logs - EQData
	Aarogya setu app - Hack!
	Assume you are carrier once home - minimal interaction with young ones only not elders.
	Assume e1 has covid when in airport - suspicion on e1 around. Changed gloves when in airport cuz can touch 7.
	Full sleeves shirt to dispose off after coming back. No skin exposed and bath after coming back. Take cab cuz they sanitize it afterwards.
	WFH - yes I was on a call when you called. Leaves planning as per end of month. So many firings at Byju sales team 9 people already which makes sense.
Logs - EQData - Tambola as SAP Lockdown - Jokes as follows:
	So much algorithmic thinking (or POC) over tambola that we better deliver this feature to customer in next release 
		maybe add a WoC s.t they can play when they are free or done with business.
	we are bunch of crazy people who go crazier.
	Saurabh is best cook - e1 believed until you said - banaa ke lao keh diya - that's no problem; banao is problem.
	Krishna listed those numbers which are favorable and he will do it.
	no numbers coming - so Govt bik gayi hai.
	isiliye mein jua nahi khelta.
	play as much as you want after that - banana hai - banaa rahe ho.
	bad luck hi kharab hai.
	breakfast, lunch, dinner sab aap khaoge to baki kya khaenge.
	dubte ko tinke ka - little thanks.
	Somya ye gaddari hai - no1 from SRM.
	All but 1 also award.
	Just to inform you aap jeet chuke.
	24 - now you are teasing us.
	marriage postponed - not done online.
	whatever gift comes we will also need to sanitize them - delivery boy also? - no won't eat delivery boy[ even though didn't get breakfast, lunch or dinner in tambola]
		or eat chocolates and then drink sanitize.
	we are becoming pro as tambola - my hobby is xyz - I thought you would also say tambola.
Logs - EQData - Ola Cab driver - cancelled it to avoid 25% margin of Ola and 5% GST he has to forego every time in this hour of need.
	head shields e1 wearing and precautions.
	I gave him extra money - not much, rounded off (ceiled) to next 100s.
Logs - EQData - Shadi - Kritika getting only 3 holidays - Yesterday's discussion - points of discussion - 
	why act in desperation that only 3 holidays and COVID seasons - doing things that you don't even feel excited about.
	Share any information should be shared cuz it has repercussions cuz then cancelling then others' plans in jeopardy.
	fera anyways. aap zimmedaar aadmi ho I know you will handle it aptly (this is psychological manipulation in MOG which even Krishna uses).
	do we even want such a job where even a few days becomes such a big deal.
	idk, are "you" feeling excited or good about it? if not then we are acting in desperation - here, also psychologically implicitly conveying that we don't feel good about it but let's think it from your perspective to excavate your thought processes (empathy and putting on trial also; besides, we are aligning as per you is the sub-context or subtext - thus we are giving you power).
Logs - EQData - Observing Syami - In peers - analysis I was working on (it's a loose term - what analysis - this (stretch), why (tun tinde laine hain; also, go low level detailing in master data).
	honest with manager - even cool with him - nth today.
Logs - EQData - 
	Syami pointing out flaws while activities go on - reinforcement learning - say thanks! cuz that's a training eg - how much learning is your decision - your hyperparameter is learning rate - online or batch learning (thru svadhyaya) - all your choices. Only well wishers do that. It's painful for parents to see chlidren quarrel, even over trifles.
		ideal attitude should be to review the feedback sincerely to become better server. And also emulate eg (models learnt by others demonstrated thru their stories, anecdotes, mistakes, etc) from e1 like mama does.
		Learning that eat like a king - try your best; at least put up a dialogue with yourself; fight for perfection.
	Kritika upset over what happened - RBI friend intervened to get leaves. Not the way she likes it.
		Of course, I can say you got panic and discussed and could not convince parents otherwise and ended up acting in a way that you would regret later - your choices your consequences! If more leaves were possible otherwise, why you didn't try it 
		you are not understanding the importance of "being beyond right" - Relationship has a price, Bhaji; Krishna wants us to value relationship far more than just being right. That's why spiritual maturity is necessary for Grihastashram cuz it's not easy.
		My learning is that others were not flawed. No fault of parents and siblings - they are my well wishers. No fault of Kritika she would get upset and discuss it with parents. No fault of parents that they would go to any lengths to ensure their daughter is happy and taken care of.
		yes! I got impatient (and for a good reason - 3 days leaves; I can even put up with it but my loved ones (small stakeholders also) upset so I must act). 
			But lack of patience (my prob) or panic (7 else's prob) is lower MMN - I could digest it and could have waited for apt time to raise it and escalate it 
			of course with her first; that's not wrong to talk to her first and then talk to parents if necessary.
			Don't be so afraid of political manipulation cuz that's a fact of nature and should be accepted as such. Rather than resisting it, it should be accepted as such.
			Getting affected by others. Others words are just inputs and the consequences of acting 100% as per inputs will be yours not theirs. So, listen but decide what you want.
			Should I call and 7 goes yes! We take it as validation or take shelter of that mild affirmation but choice is yours and results will be yours.
			So my take - I got impatient and that triggered as series of actions that displeased Kritika 
				if only I waited, for a day, maybe things would be taken care of.
				But I felt weak, not acting on it - well, true strength is to know when to exercise strength; not being insecure with having strength that it can triggered by anyone.
				Ultimately we gotta solve the problem anyway and not to show that I was upset with that specification from you.
			Eg - fridge compartments use - so drop using the shelves? or talk it through when needed and don't compromise on needs.
	My attitude should be to only serve - other things will take care of themselves, even if they don't your spiritual evolution depends on only service.
Logs - EQData - Kritika's home welcome
	Vision talks about new Jee coming to home.
	Movie in evening. Some place to visit in afternoon (virtually if not really) - meals in breakfast, lunch, dinner.
Logs - EQData - May be ego hurt but you can give it joke spin.
	Just like people give political favorable spin to a narrative or story. 
	Eg - Iss jutti nu center wich rakho. 
	Eg - Siddhe ho ke baith - aap yoga teacher hoke mujhe asan karne se manaa karte ho - pattar, time honda hai.
Logs - EQData - another story - when I thought I should distribute money equally among poor children at Vrindavan.
	1 sr devotee saw me safeguarding money from all by keep it high above; he asked if I really wanted to give. 
	The flaw was understood later by me that we are not the supreme well wisher of e1 - it is Krishna who supplies to e1 and I am just a medium 
	7 else can be a medium for others. 
	Similarly, pegions fight among each other when we throw grains at them - it is their nature and it is offense on my part to enforce equal distribution. I am just a medium in Krishna's hands.
Logs - EQData - Lapse - how to get cook - justdial - I forgot about that platform.
Logs - EQData - Syami knew but didn't inform - just did it 
	That's one observation Syami just does it and doesn't ask for opinions - but then you don't get what is pleasing to e1 
		actually that's the key principle of VA (NIC+E internally and externally)
		but that also saved e1 trouble and no concern and light life and if 7 doesn't like it - he doesn't give a dang while 7 poking into your business and stops them so no problem there as well.
	Another PIES observation that MOP almost guarantees that people give their best in their services.
		don't stop but let them only give directions or give inputs - thereby accomodating the natural tendencies of e1.
		What should you be engaged in - well contributing in whatever ways necessary 
			if redundant contributions possible then it doesn't matter who does it - then just become n processors for a task so that task can be done faster 
			jnana perhaps e1 could give if they all know it but thru dhyan e1 gets to engage it and more knower can help less knower if he faces any problem.
		If 1 is smart, he should not bother why he is not the 1 in a role
			if it is simple for you, why should you even bother to do it in VA - of course, you must if you have nothing else 
			but try to engage yourself in service that does justice to your calibre, skills, etc 
			pick up a challenge that will please you, challenge you, make you contribute the most 
			contribution on higher level is more valuable than implementation - so architects and POs or managers are far more valuable roles.
		This also means that VA is not worth so much worrying over
			the contributors in a role are all replaceable and they should be.
			primarily purification and services AMAP, contribution so that the service mentality grows.
			The higher you can go where the contributors are less, the better because that has lesser population and that's in alignment with Krishna.
			See it's also ok for a brahmana to be engaged like a shudra but that's not the best engagement for his personal self and for the society - it is a talent wasted.
		There may be perseverence for serving in an MOP culture where one claims that I could do it all on my own.
			That one is allowed to take lead doesn't mean that others can't but kudos that you took lead 
				don't feel proud cuz tattva but feel self esteem that you are getting to serve so much.
			yes that may be a threat that you are replaceable but we should not be dependent on a realm but only service attitude.
			that perseverence and zidd to serve, in an atmosphere where it is difficult, is an awesome attitude in alignment with KC.
				contribute to the complete picture.
Logs - EQData - Scrum - Works to do
	gold - ring chudiuya
	suit - 11 - Different places start from 2mro.
	epass - 21st.
	suitcase - Let's do that 2mro.
	shoes - ordered in the evening.
	check all chothes - show in the evening.
	prepration for going to nangal - talking to driver on 21st.
	discussion about who will go to nangal - Let's not do it - but if you must then sometime this week.
	rehne ka arrangement - sometime this week and reminder on 28th.
	rashan - 25th around.
	cook - already called. Expect to receive them 2mro.
Logs - EQData - Kritika
	In her own words - talkative, naughty, mischievous, Playful toh bahut; Disturbing others on different their birthdays thru pranks - spoiling their games, etc.
Logs - EQData - Discussions with Kritika - Per sanitize kar lo, sparsh karne hain. Lots of regulations for covid -
	Abhi still test but doctor in colony so that's a good thing - declare to world you are healthy - we are carriers; have the kits for you.
	This ain't new for you. Demonetization you have faced it all.
	Bahut soch ke bola - chalte hue stunt marna is good but if you think you may fall, it is better to not do it.
	So many fines taking place - my stories of shopkeeper around fined for keeping it open and sugarcane wallah running.
	Online payment should be in people's veins now but punjab has still adopted like bangalore where even sabji wallah and idli wallah have upi payments.
	People coming to banks for their amazon prime money back - you have seen whole of India - no thanks - few bad fish give pond a bad name 
	but they stretched so much even during demonetization time. 
		So much pain of no night sleep cuz people getting jacks and even politicians converting black to white in evening hours thru cash vans.
		such bad notes that gave her eye flu for 45 days.
	You should help parents do purchases.
	internally happy that she is going to get suits made for her.
	You like number but don't like to be 1 among them.
Logs - EQData - getting to serve family thru making dishes for them (Rusk in malai), cleaning pots for them, cooking assistance yesterday, buying shoes as per their likings.
Logs - EQData
	I am superior to you - proud (b/w Krishna and him - idc) and illusion (n-Dimensional space; skyline query).
	Regularize 7 - polity - yes you are awesome but someone other than you and I can be smarter even though younger on some dimension - Not insecure with age.
		thotha chana baje ghana.
		st it is better to just transcend the cheap political games and play the game that truly matters.
	Regularize Maid - He stays always silent - if hurt and wanna humble then Aunty you are not cleaning properly these days I see your interest is more in listening talks.
Logs - EQData - Polity - I won't give you money now - get it from me 2mro when you come => forcing you to come - act as if desired behavior is assumed for an end goal - you must comply with me to get ur goal else I inhibit. If you claim so, I can assume so and plan with that assumption thereby forcing you to act so.
Logs - EQData - Mama unhappy with some reasons - when Syami took bread away, she thought she was failing in her role as a mother.
	Instant response which is otherwise correct was instantaneous reason for burst. Small problem, big response.
	My ego still visible when she said it was my time to login - I said no at 10 - which is right
		immediately running to work is a negative reinforcement and so is not giving heed to it.
		best take would have been to look at time and acknowledge with thanks and tell why you won't do it immediately if that's the case and even disclose your plan.
		Every such problem is an opportunity to identify services and remove concerns that exist with the family.
	Actually Papa is awesome he actually does a lot but doesn't demonstrate a show outta that.
		Of course, he may have shortcomings like e1 else in material world but we are here to see things tattvatah
		if you see a shortcoming and you can't do anything about it or complement him then the problem is with you and not him.
		Mama is also awesome in terms of how much she does for us but to make sure that it is made known is psychological studies. 
			Papa also does that for work and reinforcing family unity in e1.
Logs - EQData - Ashram - Planning for bargain session at marriage
	Ribbon katai and Juta chori
	Such times you are making  your jija kangal
	phuti kaudi hai
	ask from a banker - she has all the money
	7 janma nibha lo - vachan gaye tel lene
	I will give you cheque - Axis bank - I have no account there btw.
	I will write on my shoes that it has corona on it - sanitize and then ask money.
	I have another pair - should I not buy another.
	Don't fight like that gotta deal with same jija afterwards also.
	Jije ke paas raaste ke petrol ke paise to chhod do.
	We won't give the girl - sahi kahaa hai sayano ne - shaadi ka laddu - mildly to yourself "now no going back!!"
	he did 20K (e1 got 5K in their bank account) - another gave cash and silver coin - all in 1 go.
	Paise milne chahiye jije ka kya hai.
Logs - EQData - Syami - eating mango - talks about how this one compares with another variety he brought last time.
	Discuss every action carried out in recent past and discuss it like arch discussions in company at different granularity.
	His attitude of NIC+E focus every time like kernel of OS - Eg - immediately your belly fat has reduced. 
	So, NIC+E on senses (tasty, smells good, etc); health; mental feel good; intellectual (achievements - short long term); ego (becoming 7), service unto or love unto, etc.
Logs - EQData - she tried gomutra + masala - 7'll say I'd rather increase my immunity. Aushadhi made aahar - saal ki medicine ek baar mein.
	First Cry not reimbursing - your first cry is making all time cry Joke.
Logs - EQData - 
	Some random apparently labelling experiences.
		7 said - what would he know? 
		7 else said don't expect a trivial job to be done right.
		Similar such tags from other close ones also.
		7 other random person said he sits quite in the corner.
		Observation - These are just inputs for possible improvements 
			replay them to decide what all stands I could take but on retrospection, I feel my stand was perfect - responding won't help me serve better so why worry.
	in 1 sense, eb has right to put a label to maximize their outcomes or services or grats or NIC+E.
	And I am not obligated to comment on it. But my services or assitance or degree of help gets restricted by recipients will - think, pot bent at certain angle.
	OMG so many points I write - well, these are life shaping points so they are important but EQData is bound to be a little heavier than EQ cuz principles can have many eg.
	In this case EQData also help demonstrate weightage and importance of some EQ point I knew or I realize all of a sudden. So, these are worth jotting.
Logs - EQData - Spoilt orgs like slaughterhouse in FBD (Free body diagram - seen in isolation) you can see some ingenuity at doing their business 
	but from larger perspective (ethics, spirituality, etc) - you take their weights into consideration and you start to pity the business attitude of making money outta 7's pain 
	ego layer; heck, many justify even at spiritual layer - it is service to hungry humans which is factually result of total mismanagement.
Logs - EQData - why don't you use that toilet.
	well I face some problem there - tell a reason for namesake with primary focus that he should use that toilet.
	sometimes even without any stand we can just talk about why a person does something and mild proposal - not with a will to give a direction but just like that. It works!
	Most of the times the won't rebel against that if they do - if you don't have strong stand then just laugh it out.
Logs - EQData Story - Bank said Credited with 10K amount with balance B2 and clearing amount is B2-10K. 
	Issue - he thought his original amount was B2 before and it has become B2-10K now but that fact was that it was B2-10K before and became B2 cuz of early entry that they make and until confirmation the clearing amount shows as B2-10K.
Logs - EQData - Jokes - shoes Bargaining
	shagan hota hai - take "100 Rs" (with emphasis) - shagan itna hi hota hai. Karna hai to kar lo.
	Take 500 - all of you will get 150 with it, enjoy - ja simran ji le apni zindagi.
	you should give us - change the direction of bargain if it is non-sense then why not another non-sense 
		we don't follow kuritiyan - we should change them and change should start with you paying us.
		you quote 5K, we demand 10K from you.
	we are in no rush - let's wait here till eternity - let the pandit come out. What about closure - now it's our home we can stay overnight if we want.
	we are very open minded - you ask for 20K, we give 40K - OR maybe we can bargain and then give at original rate we intended.
	oh pyaar ka to ek rupya hi bahut hota hai.
	if bad rate assi kudi nahi deni - oh apni marzi se hi aa rahi hai; ham kaunsa utha ke le jaa rahe hain. btw, stop treating kudi like object to be traded with money.
	I don't believe in such malpractices on serious note - but excuse to talk - excuse to bring worse outta person.
	what "that much" huge amount - oh people get whole marriage done with that amount.
	Marriage means fizul kharcha like even eunuchs - they ask for money and we gotta give - what thrashing them?, nature has already thrashed them.
Logs - EQData - Banks didn't have account transfers in my early college - draft system. 
	ATM in 11th 2K5 - AC and no pin sharing. Class 9-10 2003-04 visiting banks to get money - they used computers but perhaps without internet cuz no account transfers. 
		Suddenly lots of changes in a decade that every hand had internet on smartphone with UPI access to transfer funds.
	NEFT came and then came IMTP. Saw thru SMS, Nokia 2600 and its ringtones, feature phones snake games. GPRS to G3, G4, G5.
	500 fine for late submission cuz draft didn't reach.
Logs - EQData - I don't know why I am little drowsy; actually I know; let me sleep (not everything is transactional but short moment relatable stuffs for fun like with friends at office).
Logs - EQData - Observe in this planning of yours, you didn't do any group work - all your works were for the self 
	serious allegation spoken in fun invoking tone thereby serving 2 purposes.
Logs - EQData - heard a voice of something falling but did nothing with the maid - dang it! Need to take initiative - if anything is candidate for objectionable.
Logs - EQData - Iglu model at school. So many projects at school.
Logs - EQData - Joke - he used to take KT from me there and here also - rakh ke do; saale tu KT lene ke liye paida hua hai mujhse.
Logs - EQData - Informing devs about marriage.
	Remember to talk to Rakesh Pr, Jyotirmoy Pr, etc.
	Deepak Pr Anecdotes - Inspired to call my equals. Created sense of community thru discussions about others and vision (perfect when together, special attachment with those you started with; sajatiya), khyati that don't need phd but good yadyat acharati shreshthas.
	Rakesh Pr anecdotes - Visiting places. desires get fulfilled - VTA, XLRI, PwC consulting and now HR head in coimbatore. Complained why I didn't inform him before - my bad it was rush and had to travel - I apologize. Confidence giving that you have VOICE background so don't worry.
	All devs showered blessings - Counselor's blessings also has guidance embedded in it (aachar and prachar in focus). Counselor met with Rakesh Pr - small world.
		Some devs even asked about me - they didn't know me personally - profuse blessings - devs are so awesome.
Logs - EQData - Cdm story - awkward at buying although normal shop owners. Named the brand not product and chose with caution not mindless but call came so rushed - forgot that pack was open or not - he proposed pick the numbers - I said I will take it all. 
	Offered to Krishna - that's the training but happy for it. That shows evolution.
	became extreme or MOP centered which is dang natural without focus on higher purpose or without that lighthouse.
Logs - EQData Jokes - Jog Karte hue ja aur weight lifting karte hue aaja (same tonality).
	I went ahead of Vishal Megamart - when did you realize it after reaching Kolkata; you know where this road leads (hyperbole; foolishness).
	sarcasm - different tone than intention or content - friendly confrontation.
Logs - EQData - Jyotirmoy Pr talks - Accident no rush cuz of Corona but outta fear no1 came. 
	Gajendra - Krishna shows reality to his devotees.
	owner ka ladka. Lockdown. Ambulance. Hospital.
		Thanks to him for whatever owner did but he didn't come again or lift the call outta fear.
	cashier, timing that cook arranged that i could not go. Pregnant wife excuse although he not with wife in that tenure and also miscarriage b4.
	Goldsmiths friend also pregnant wife but slept with him to ensure association.
	Shivratri - RK came and good DS practices started.
	Holidays I ain't getting - arranged.
	Jagannath blessings you are lucky. Reminded me about Jagannath Rath Yatra seeing online to get blessings.
	We think we are doers but it's him who does it all - sau sonar ki, ek lohar ki.
Logs - EQData - Sunil in personal time and otherwise keeps on working on POC - that way he really enjoys his work. Like IRPA in BYD - how to automate activities that colleagues do.
Logs - EQData - Sreejith Manager Mentorship
	Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta - VP after that.
	https://www.linkedin.com/in/sreejithgovindan/
Logs - EQData - Joke - 
	His hands are soft - Jadon kam hi nahi kade kitta - denigration, Justify - effect to cause (reverse logic).
	My hands are hard or sakht - I remember all the slaps I endured in childhood (Logic - exemplify a principle; denigration).
Logs - EQData - Saloon hair stylist told at 11th hour that police so if it was ok to get hair cut the next day - It's ok fine but should have told me earlier. So correct the person and accept.
Logs - EQData - Cool Graphics for songs (Also CS - visualization)
	Vertical particles simulating waves like motion - random emergence from one side.
	Vertical bars from circle in different colors and particles following locus or path or trajectory - 
	particles running away from center - or even following a trajectory outwards with bias towards following gravity while moving outside.
	Good DJ while Wearing emoji mask. Love for your work - thoroughly enjoying the DJ music you created just now.
	Lightening. Shadow background. variable speed of particles running out.circle waves from down to up and repeat.
	converging waves from either side of headset. Waves on a line.
Logs - EQData Discussions - If you declare a theory as bogus then give a reason else propose 1 of your own - turns out yours is much more appealing than others.
	Politics is like game of chess - there is nothing definite the strategies are made with ultimate wins in mind. Galvan valley cuz Karakoram Path for Arab Petrol - SCM channels.
Logs - EQData - Marriage related buying
	Speaker - carvan.
	Gaming - indoor - ludo, chess, carrom, uno/ cards, badminton/ shuttle.
		Album, TV movies, TV exploration. Images.
		GPS in ASR - Ranjeet Avenue B Block Market, Laurence Road, Golden Temple, Durgyana Temple, Kesar ka dhaba - quarantine, Valmiki Ashram.
		Schedule to go somewhere everyday.
		The problem here was that I had to discuss this with Surabhi didi and didn't directly act on it. Like she did for ordering speaker.
	Ordered - speaker, ludo, uno, badminton.
		Cards, chess, carrom. Why marriage for gaming. needed 1 more player.
	Drive to somewhere - Nangal is ok but internal travel I could drive.
Logs - EQData - Driving for marriage
	I told you to buy car for this purpose only - so problem here is why is this expectation not clear from day 1 and why at the 11th hour.
		Dang it, yaar shit. Won't go to main roads. Won't navigate thru complex paths - used to travel on simplest of paths.
	with micro-training the problem is although you are otherwise decent, you don't get confidence; what we need is regular inputs for becoming better.
	Solution - truth teller - say it as it is not worse nor better. See, these expectations clash is but natural so you should keep your calm and plan things to the best.
		things are bound to have limitations cuz we and others, e1 have their flaws - like informing it late, lack of communications, etc. So, be awesome.
		Story - do you remember how frustrating it was to take a stand that you didn't believe in with relatives and feeling frustrated when exposed - not working after VIT phase.
	The problem is you are enforcing the timelines for expectations - the sincerity is only in the fact that expectations in right priority should be worked on but not on the timelines dictated by others.
		If 7 at stake, they are - evaluate how important it is and business mindset is that we have n solutions for a problem 
			and you ain't attached to any so ready to pick any.
			but you have project or set goal on most optimal solution.
		we choose the best solution given the constraints and update to next suboptimal solution when constraints change which they do many a times in material realm.
Logs - EQData - Jokes
	Ham hi kyun hasayen wo bhi apna talent dikhaye. Uska to theek hai, hamne khud ko bhi to khush rakhna hi hai na, lage haath wo bhi enjoy kar le.
	what if she starts crying then we will join her for company - will play some good emotional movie and then sur lagayenge. Better still, some romantic movie.
	where is your face - aapne mujhe shakal dekhne layak nahi chhoda.
	The way you are asking question - you are looking for opportunity of fighting right - nahi milega.
	Shadi game khelne ke liye ki hai - haan, aur kiske liye ki hai. 1 player kam pad raha tha carrom ke liye socha vyah kra lete hain.
Logs - EQData - I ate up lunch meal alone not realizing that mama had not had it - I presumed it was only me and brother but turns out there were more.
	Solution - ask; no assumptions; clarify before making decisions - especially when assumptions are too optimist and failing assumptions can have penalty.
Logs - EQData - Joke - I am kinda person I was listening to MBA HCM to prepare my mind for marriage. Cuz recruiting a wife!
Logs - EQData - Home - HCM - Ashram at Home - Family - being questioned about your contributions
	MMA.exe at rescue - I had to look up browser to check that I had ordered so many things in sports for Kritika.
	had a discussion with Surabhi Didi regarding the same.
	As far as being questioned about your contributions is concerned, the actual question is generally about Bhakti
		your devotion to the team for which typically a gentleman doesn't say no.
		REL IIITB friends no attendance for project making is generally seen as lack of bhakti and that should be avoided but my previous orchestrations etc ensured that I was with them.
		Those who are in MOP or Passionate about purpose in MOG, tend to take lead in projects or tasks to get to the end results. 
			And a person who is in MOG internally but not passionate about purpose (MOI) is seen as getting free rewards 
			which is objectionable cuz laziness at picking up tasks is also sign of lack of bhakti and becomes sign of MOI although internally a person could be in MOG.
		Solution - So feel passionate about the purpose in the sense - become a leader although there could be formal leaders in place and think how would you solve a social problem.
			And trigger discussions, trigger tasks creation, etc. Discussion with formal leaders if an approach is best fit or not.
			If not initiative taking like leaders, then at least show up - sign of bhakti (have slots for showcasing presence) 
			like all hands, monthly manager meeting, One-to-One, etc and its equivalent - time slots dedicated to sit with the family members.
Logs - EQData - It's Krishna's grace that getting apt girl - thanks to Krishna but I am not 1 time customer; I am a regular customer of god. I need more mercy
Logs - EQData - First get new cook then reject old.
	I also get anger but know to control it for sake of love and avoiding bad atmosphere at home.
Logs - EQData - Biz probs in India. Unpaid invoices so many.
Logs - EQData - Hypotheses testing ppl do - some festival going on that whitewash, some tow so something with car.
Logs - EQData - discussion with Tejinder Bhaji - dotnet exams in infy. Parser for verilog - dag of gates - pl to express that -  make binary code without revealing source code. Foreign countries do justice to tax income and more value for money, compared to India - earlier without globalization, it was worse. Big companies don't bottleneck salaries by previous ones like his own tripled from 6 to 18. 50 now including shares. Hackerank recruitment side like Samsung - intro to friend Director over there.
	Freakonomics. Game theory - in multi agent systems. We don't dictate the behavior thru policing but incentivise the rules or policies in such a way that while independent agents choose their approach to maximize their economic profits and all, they still conform to what you intended. Eg - teacher with highest average gets 20k dollar so they started to do loose marking to get higher average. This is essence of game theory.
Logs - EQData - Power with Reasoning - Naka - writing for travel but targets to complete so challan requested by traffic police - invoke mercy - our mood will be affected cuz coming after marriage. 
	Trolley no challan - reason by comparing - see all these people going without masks and we were wearing. 
	Display of power - talk to sho.
	Confident False assertion outta the box - paytm already has money at toll.
	Cancel reason with alternate solution - i have to speed to reach office on time - why won't you wake up early or a reason to wake up 10 mins early.
Logs - EQData - Ask syami for side and he can take it.
Logs - EQData - Home ERP - Her strategy - win his family, he will be won.
Logs - EQData - Don't get bought to propose ideas - evaluate yourselves b4 picking a discussion.
	Syami has fun then detaches himself for things to devp.
	Resourceful - He had side pin of mobile - ask him and it will be taken care of. He knows sources of electricity, he is aware about interest of members of family - feeding birds, gamle - introduce every plant.
Logs - EQData - Stress Interview at Saure - Beta, aapne branches bataye hi nahi - specific branch mein to obviously nahi, isliye gave you address only. Transfers frozen was actual reason. Why don't you stay with us for saavan month - salah kar lete hain. Very important that wife is your better half for all decisions. Kissing hands to ensure interactions. Barrista - Syami remembered it while coming back. You will also get corona - jab kasme hi kha li saath jeene marne ki. Laughter - what robot I am married to. Car learning she wants. Appa - not stay with bachelor although pressure to change - perhaps Kritika didn't tell you about it but I had it all done. 1 thing that they should be clear about is yes my promise to them to take care of daughter but in our relp they can't micromanage our decisions. Should I go interact with parents about it - for this I don't have to but st I should. You must change in time - no, mummy I have a right to not change but I wanna. Why your bro made this statement about you - well that's how i take it but why don't you ask him - burden of explanation should be with 1 who asserts. Hamari nature mein differences hain but meri zidd hai to make it work - maine vachan liye - I am determined to make it work. Decision maker on mangal sutra - to me all this doesn't matter - even vow in front of deities is enough. It's all for your pleasure so you decide. 1 concern - why so late after 2 months - plz tell your concerns asap so that I can do sth abt it. They concerned about family's happiness - cuz of serious repercussions this could potentially have (7 could become unkind to the loose end to hurt them back - wife - not hellish treatment but making it tough politically - not favouring in discussions for eg - just like china towards India - muh di leher beher, hatthan di hadtaal) - I told them they could be open with me and not be afraid if I have 2 faces - I assured I had only 1 face. As such regular feedback and food networking is very favorable to avoid it - ask for more and sanity check measurements for report card. But if not unkind, there is always difference of good and best so good systems can't be an excuse for irresponsible behavior.
	Let them be aware, should the discussion arise, of their bounds to their daughter eventually - of course their guidance but they can't micromanage daughter anymore. Not with bachelor friends - why did you have to say that - of course no.
	The discussion started over very light moment that I be socially responsible - which I am decent at (forgot to specify that) at present but human psychology took swing and concern box opened but why not - stakes for their dear daughter. Told them I am determined for her nic+e and don't care if mine are met but human psychology that it's difficult with negative reinforcement like no response, punishment, etc.
Logs - EQData - Only I kiss her hand and not asked for vv cuz love can only be given and can't be asked for or taken.
Logs - EQData - Good part being this so called awkward conversation opened or weaved the way for pies discussion with my wife - such scrum discussions should happen with my wife frequently - planning, retrospections, daily scrum on execution. You are intel but need to be social which is true. Think of sth like daily evening scrum on the day. Outside story telling != Daily scrum - heart opens in daily scrum.
	No1 is perfect including me. I have sth to work on and improve - that attitude is important. We are multi-dimensional ppl - good at sth and need for improvement in sth else. I know my self worth. I want to change not e1 wants this - I also observe flaws ew but dont like bickering, against my nature (later discussion with Kritika I infered - not bickering or whining rather grievance redressal is important). Should not become late - well, i am not obliged - i have a right to not change but I wanna serve or care for her better. Mountain nahi mandir tha. My mother would have loved to meet you - thank you.
	Main to chhodne walla nahi hoon (primarily or transcendentally cuz kc). From trans point of view, why did it have to be so - well cuz it's a great story (in my own eyes and in kc, it becomes very important priority).
	Staying for saavan - not with saas - feminism - why not - just she at this home so is I at that home.
Logs - EQData - Hand kissing starts after a week.
Logs - EQData - On second thought on driving, given all details, i accept my current state and plan, act acc without pretending.
Logs - EQData - Now i have 2 families to represent. Matter of pride for me to be called Kritika Bhardwaj Devgun.
Logs - EQData - Ability to recall a route when Kritika tells it once (maps and landmarks help). Primary focus on concern talks, then need talks, then interest talks, etc.
Logs - EQData - Jalfa devi mandir. Baba boa.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - Casual statements painful that i will leave and come to asr - this is just hypersensitivity and lack of alignment to shastra - she is not my property but endears the whole family so not a bad remark, really.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - There are so many exits to grab onto for betterment of nic+e - just gotta keep track - like abhinav's gift, recalling information already told, etc.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - You don't hate yourself - but may hate the state of art and that's just room of improvement.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - I have taken a vow to serve her - now nothing ain't changing that - no matter what she says, does, etc, i am gonna serve her nic+e that she may not even agree on but my part is to best serve and not force a change. Like drinking haldi was nic+e that she didn't want. This is analogous to spiritual master taking responsibility of disciple. So hubby is like intel or at least supposed to be.
Logs - EQData - 1 big mistake is guru se bada chela - chela can be better at something - like reasoning, even in general, to speak nothing of specific so never say that good advice can't come from wife.
Logs - EQData - Kritika
	Does that make us slave - just thinking about 7's nic+e without any goal - the goal is to serve nic+e at different scales starting from home and the nic+e may have set difference with their explicit or surface or subtle nic+e. This is 1st scale of preaching - inspiration without authority. Now, you will realise that story telling although important is just a part of big picture of being really caring for their nic+e.
	She may say sth inapt - like not my father or 7's father can stop me from what i want - well these are just anarthas which even i have. Solution is again - serve - inspire or influence without authority - nit snatching their freedom just like krishna with jivas but guiding them in a detached way - giving directions to their talent and not snubbing it. Great story telling is a latter goal, not immediate.
	Goal is never to be an alpha male in her eyes but to serve - mop vs mog. Don't want any reward from her but from Krishna cuz ultimately it's just he that matters at the root. Recall - All fights cuz 2 female together - meaning - male may have muscles but lacks discrimination what is nic+e in a context and determination - willingness to pay the price for it thru hard work, giving logics, etc.
	Serving her nic+e at expense of self love is foolishness - don't forget your own nic+e especially at spiritual layer.
Logs - EQData - Kritika
	Why did this car accident had to happen - cuz in pursuing political correctness, correctness was compromised, that factually my accuracy or precision or lapse rate isn't good but i wanted to pretend to be a good driver.
Logs - EQData - Syami - I was mama's boy like no abuses but gotta respond with sarcasm that cannot retaliate and you win rather than others instead of all time "let go". Just be expert enough to joke on demand and not just inspiration - this is a great quality to cultivate - next level of joking - discussion skill or capability. Eg - card has become more important than mangal sutra. But 1 thing if joking is blind - it can boomerang or its value may reduce but in general, it is a very rewarding quality.
Logs - EQData - Chori at home, importance of neighbours st more than relatives.
Logs - EQData - Bhai sahab from Kritika - ignored it and not pinpointed in front of relatives. See what you have done to him he has started folding hands from now - didn't respond (st best) - could have said - covid has done this to all intel ppl OR mein te per vi pad javaan to those related to Kritika (serious stand).
Logs - EQData - Kritika
	That I don't overshadow you but that you are my intro and not vv. 2 families to take care of now. My limitations that I don't know cooking - yes, it's not a thing to boast about but a limitation. I represent 2 families - I am Kritika Bhardwaj Devgun now. I don't like being dependent - I want to understand and network. Please network. I am willing to restrict myself even though I don't like it. Plz first you tell me what I have to work on.
	Even if it gets difficult, we have to make it work to start with. Being examplery, inspirational is next thing. Take your me time I don't mind but don't force them on me. You don't have to change your diet habits cuz of me. We are supposed to be 1 and not just friendship. Showing your vulnerable side. First, let's be natural and then could go deeper like activities. No thought you didn't value it - plz tell me else I won't know.
	Your younger bhabhi will come then you gotta play that role well.
Logs - EQData - High cost over your own nature
	Good that this happened cuz I was in tension. Now that we have these things explicitly discussed we can work on them.
	Plz call me aap - i will like it but won't complain or will accept if you don't. Plz tell me asap. Don't let him drive us like driver. For my first time driving you, you had to go through this - it was humbling and humiliating for me and I won't drive you until I have your permission to do so.
	Blaming sth on your nature is worst thing to do - cuz changing it ain't easy. Justifying and becoming defensive is even expected but that shell shouldn't stop you from learning - eg - but you busy on phone - cuz of accident and no1 talking so I took mobile out - I never used mobile to escape discussion.
	Never commit to a plan without her - so sure will try or let's discuss or salah kar lete hain.
Logs - EQData - Relatives - our awkwardness, hesitation and gap is reflected in fact that we hesitate calling them. See it as an attempt to reconcile relp.
	Polity - casting shadow for future - i forgot to take something, can you leave the room.
	Bargaining power - give them small money and incremental increase to create pressure on others. Another, don't show interest first and then terms - first learn the package and money and then customize it for yourself.
	Power of cable tv - nangal - if nothing else keep changing channels. Vs tv on demand - good but st you don't know what to search for.
	DP - got visibility to her from Abhinav - See how important such details are.
	Bhamour Sahib.
	I am so fortunate - Krishna has blessed me with more than what i deserve. Such family, such spiritual guides and teachers (Prabhupada); such wife, such relatives; such online content.
Logs - EQData - should I go out to receive mami - no response but syami said of course, bhiya, come on. This is sign of bad ashram foundation layer - no prob it will be better.
Logs - EQData - Important discussion
	Parents - they don't talk, plz talk in time and not delayed so long. Pain yesterday night; bro said bhabhi will take care of bro - why - jovial - but still not acceptable - so I should show my seriousness at such times. You busy with phone while she showed me her injury and Syami also came forward to see but you didn't - these mild taking care of her nic+e is what we expect from you - he saw and he knew it - he figured it in that day and so wanted to talk. Not that she has to stay with bachelor friends - of course no - let's delay it till lockdown - ok. How long b4 you change your nature - you have accepted the nature. Saavan ka mahina at home. I will take it positively and work on it - my nic+e also important but secondary. My behavior may stem from psychology - how I am treated on calling b4. To not change is also my haq but I am willing to change to avoid her discomfort. Even you won't like if I be unnaturally badbad all the time against my nature. I have taken vacan and so now nothing doing. You had not seen flat - she didn't tell you but I had. Marriage registration. Yes we have different natures but even that's superficial - later Kritika said she could adapt to eth and we will be together till last breath.
Logs - EQData - breaking their hearts? chep hote hain to mein tod deti.
Logs - EQData - avoid appeasement laughter - like tony stark - only smile without laughter if it ain't funny. For all time laughter, simulate joking mode all the time as a thread and reflection afterwards. Of course appeasement laughter is for sake of relp from which i am free now. Of course it's a talent to see laughter in every situ cuz not e1 can do it and it has a price.
Logs - EQData - Ruchisoya recruitment done. Internal information so we know who sponsors. Eg - bazaar movie.
Logs - EQData - Marriage - Missed you, went to nangal for fera - ppl with very nice nature.
	How's jiju - plz stay safe.
Logs - EQData - Branch Manager astrologer - Bankers very entertaining people, difficult to come out - that's what I want. 
	Yes, the day I talk to her, I don't need to watch TV. See what he thinks of me.
	Abhinav agreed that all was correct. Nature of Kritika - value people character, etc more than money or worldly considerations. Not shallow people.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - habit of male tonality - karungi karunga.
Logs - EQData - she wants personality - professor married and full attendance students heart break.
Logs - EQData - Gifts giving can be complicated in a relationship
	reciprocation, drawing the line, commitments if given then no rollback without explanation, positive in this case but commitment and then denial or poking and no reciprocation are all potential negatives.
	Yes, that's true but you should be taken advantage of. This is the relationship that lasts like with our old home we came to new home with only husband wife and not others.
	constant bombardment was happening so not acting on it was also not a good idea. That would mean ignoring. Of course in future you have more liberty to deny something on financial grounds or make some ground rules like budget and all but for now, this is important.
	The mota mota I understand - Husband is devoted to the home but wife's money is her own.
	Politics is a reality of life and should be paid due respects like induction for readiness to pay, evaluation of probability of reciprocations.
	This first year - even didi jiju gave us gifts but not every year - home visits primarily gifts for mummy papa but not e1 so it's quite possible that jiju does that.
Logs - EQData - soft touch to her is gratifying to her. Praising also is like carrom game - bhiya rani nahi mili aapko - jo rani chahiye thi wo mil gayi hai.
Logs - EQData - I am not at all used to this - compassion for her, willingness to love, fear of overdoing or underdoing, fear of infatuation, need for responsibility - cultivating right skills, resources, etc. Pressure to change in short term and disapproval for self love and self acceptance. Losing oneself is the recipe for depression.
Logs - EQData - I fear infatuation with you - e1 Mohit after you - professor texts personalized and e1 - neighbors, relatives, family - to mujhe dar hai mera kya hoga. Inna vi na dope shope marya karo.
Logs - EQData - Appa hinted mobile problem by asking what busy with on phone.
Logs - EQData - Mein bada khush kismat hun ki aap jaise shaks meri Zindagi mein aaye.
Logs - EQData - Bargain for Ribbon cutting marriage - incremental rise, don't declare dependence.
Logs - EQData - Mama suggestions - bodily relp not difficult even animals do it - but opening up to others and becoming one that's next step. Females like casual touch on arms, etc.
Logs - EQData - Game of bluff in cards. Syami gave same suggestion I already deciphered - focus lesser on being serious and more on having truckloads of fun and things will align.
Logs - EQData - Glue Ganeshji to car. Keep photo to keep speed regulated. Kritika pays attention to details. Ungli laughter. Awareness of everything and apt view given to stakeholder as per their interests.
	Ludo Kritika skipped a step to not let my geeta die. Bluff - haar ke jeetne waale ko baazigar kahte.
	Kritika - you wake up early sit with mama but you shouldn't feel solitude - not during sleep. Khud ko jakad ke na rakho bas was the essence - let yourself be loose.
	Cleanliness your room else I will send her own room.
Logs - EQData - My learning introspection should not be compulsive.
Logs - EQData - Pearls from sea shore which she retained.
	Financial - Integration of events - they ain't cheaters I bet - relatives emotions, elderly so many, real tears of separation, money spent, etc but  her own knowledge, skills, genuine feelings, responsive attitude - calling multiple times to home - uncle as middle man they are all genuine ppl. Implicit money mindedness - well, welcome to material world - it is bound to have money and political maneuvering but don't hate it - just listen and decide things from your true self - not others life but your own life - even if mistakes you will own them and learn from them. Ask yourself - what do you want? His father's concerns all legitimate with genuine triggers. So, all genuine. Just be mature in dealings - like asking what's your vision with this gift. Mummy said your money is ours - security undercurrent possible. Fun in hubby's money - i said spread legs as much as blanket size permits. Now this is maturity. I am not obliged to her family but only to her - that's why kanya daan - they don't have any claim. And this obligation to her is nic+e in reverse order. Her happiness, distress, pains, callbacks all signs of genuineness. Appreciation in short observation although good is also not mature - 1 minute manager but not long term adjectives used lewdly like comments on nature - if cultivated and then praise, that's real, authentic and mature. So yes taking care of nic+e within reason and within budget.
Logs - EQData - Marriage - I love my serious self prominently but fun is the route to the perfection guided by seriousness. This is what I am - explorer - no1 to restrict me but guide me. I was fearful of infatuation and krishna cured it by introducing maturity element of erp home - fin specifically. Krishna's love is boundless.
Logs - EQData
	Parents fear her nature change if Saurabh is too serious - they want her chulbuli. He knows i am gonna do it for him. Bhiya gives 100% for eth. But will take time - too serious with things - let go, bund marao, chhaddo pare, vekh laange yaar. Periods mood swings - then avoid using compliance. Yes and limit is attitude - saying no first is worst stand to take - then listen "my life is waste". Mood showcasing - I don't feel good about it although I can do. Please support me and Saurabh - to ensure no hidden pains. Bro very serious and sincere. Don't want Yes yes man in discussions but  - chugalkhor chahiye. Feedback on talks not just yes. Eg walk at night - small round then any giveaway reason.
	Praising personality of movie stars and mba teachers for a reason - no offense. What's the intention - you be like those. Let's see when Saurabh calls next. Many games on Sunday logs. Call from her not you - now no difference between us. Driving school if no scolding allowed. Bori nahi baithi peechhe. Mein khush kismat that she has entered into my life - she very excited in the back. You can't win logic battle against me - I don't even wanna. Better than discussion is to surprise her pleasantly - you said that once right. Sandwich with dahi - avoiding sleep finally got.
Logs - EQData - Accident with bike - had to be towed - familiar person so no fight but paid to him.
	I am not at all used to this - compassion for her, willingness to love, fear of overdoing or underdoing, fear of infatuation, need for responsibility - cultivating right skills, resources, etc.
Logs - EQData - Syami's talent to handle people - Not serious response to her desires (saying ok to street food in covid) but logical maneuver in fun mode - eg she wants gol gappe - simple solution being order online than vulnerable outside - so say yes, then give away some reason like late; then narrative we gotta give bhabhi whatever she asks so online. Make the moment as if this is what you longed always like strong winds in Amritsar walking. Sports shoes achaar - yes why not. Sunroof car. Pop culture slangs like fk - so no blind following. But in a way, it's also a power to be standardized.
Logs - EQData - You lose value if you stay at a place too long. Syami - complain against delivery boy for not delivering at address. Told him on phone. Take no shit - there are proper channels. Observation is that we can not only complain to swiggy but we can induce an action by threatening with it reasoning. Ham kahin nahi aa rahe - aap ya to aao ya mein complaint karne laga hoon.
	Syami nudged me for refund and got an offer - try, knock on the doors.
Logs - EQData - First travel to Amritsar - her head banging then gave her head support of my arms which she liked.
Logs - EQData - She did a Punjabi course b4 marriage for Amritsar and became talkative in that.
	She showed injury but you were busy with mobile - actually this was mixing 2 observations to fabricate a narrative - but i didn't lean forward cuz i don't like pretense but in this world you should - situational correctness is equally important - if you spoke sth at that time, you could have argued what your responsibility was. Welcome to the nee world - next i gotta also convince parents in law for vacation plans.
	There are fabrication of narratives so gotta be aware of logs - you didn't stand when mamu showed up - actually I did but was next to her.
Logs - EQData - Take firm stand whether mangal sutra or jewellery - I do these things for your sake for myself event deities is fine so let it be resolved in that level only. Heed parents advices like don't go out walking - mangalsutra - carry chunni and go there by car to avoid crowd - Syami says yes will do to e1 for now and later doing exactly what's right - so what's right now can change later so attitude of e1 be happy and then revisit for changing the plan. While I fought with reasons over social distancing Syami gave a proposal that e1 would be happy with. Walk after traveling thru car.
Logs - EQData - Syami tryst with when you slept last night for estimating romance time - changed the topic. Plan trips with moments of grats involved - like nangal view from Jalpha Devi. Even being engaged with simply cable tv, album, trying dresses, going to buy stuffs - so many engagements possible.
Logs - EQData - Good weather after marriage - something worth remembering after marriage - take camera out.
Logs - EQData - Swift Action - Syami wouldn't wait for my inputs, he just ordered the mobile cuz it can be returned.
Logs - EQData - Surabhi didi concerned for Kritika's entertainment so bought speaker and threw idea for sports and she ordered so many things.
Logs - EQData (PIES also) - Papa - beta, traffic situations, simulate in your head - this idea can be extended - like learning art of fighting - run simulations in your head.
Logs - EQData - She said have your me time which relieves me.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - expectations 
	nothing - if you meet then I would be fool to set them and if you don't, then frustrated. Live in the moment alone.
		Like my job and life has shaped me so has yours - to expect those things to change in matter of days or months is unreasonable.
	Personal space, professional space expect - if I need to come late. We won't stand with laathi at home. I love this characteristics which grants me freedom.
		If tension then instead of living for 4 years, you will live for 2 years and will make e1 unhappy.
		Whatever is in destiny will find its way to you - the alchemist.
		I love independence - financial, personal, professional, etc.
		What about me - You love your own company - yes I do - you are absolutely correct.
		Any fantasy with marriage? - didn't even want to back then. But now, I think whatever you wish fulfill it today and don't keep it dangling.
	Just that we should have seen it in January and not after marriage.
	It's not a big deal if love and relp matters more - well weight ain't same for e1 - cricket for outsider is just a game but for cricketer is life so is group interactions for someone. But psychologically give and take always gets respected.
	Bangalore Flat you can take beforehand after covid is over - earlier it used to get arranged in around 20 days. Getting to meet each other every day on phone and weekend at home on either side.
Logs - EQData - Kritika
	Vision for physical relp. Kissing can start. All her emotions should be owned. Calling her parents every day for some days cuz they just can't let go. Befriend social media again.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - Lots of interest in Celeb news - whose affair with whom.
Logs - EQData - Bhiya you be happy - I will always be - And, Bhabhi aapse door nahi honi chahiye kuchh bhi karo - syami in tears - do whatever it takes. I can't see you upset.
Logs - EQData - Show authority - not too much, not too little. Eg - take away phone from her and say Mummy she has to go for walk and we will talk after coming back.
Logs - EQData
	Girls are possessive and guys gotta change. This maturity I expect from prof appa - had been waiting for this for a while.
	Need following use cases for ashram - authority I lead the show factually. Syami has done such fights in past.
	Etiquettes - meeting mami in car. Standing to greet mama. Said you be my guide. Not excited? - what you think - was right all this while. Turned face on kiss. Changing nature forced with high stakes. Health in full force.
	You kept us in dark said mummy - appa beta you are good in communication and things we wanna say get sidelined.
	Walking into the bank without invitation was a mistake - the value reduces by that. Any private information should not come out, ensure that. 7 can't comment on you lewdly even in joke. Justify why you went to bank (need to learn that) - Abhi took me and Kritika didn't pick the phone. She had hinted that colleagues wanted to meet you.
		Fabrication of narrative - you were on phone ; asked about package so many times.
	They love her so much and currently experience vaccum in their lives that you should fill.
Logs - EQData - Bhaiya she has internal covered pain, plz hug her - it works like charm. She is only saying that that's me and I can't be happy without it - you plz take your time.
Logs - EQData - Self acceptance given a spin that I won't change - understand political correctness - be correct but never at expense of political correctness. Beta you didn't sit with us - give a counter eg - you remember we were in kitchen talking about stealing and all and when neighbours came. Talks about routes - can thread to pros, cons, alternatives, making transaction, standardization of master assistance or deep listening.
Logs - EQData - Problem of compulsive joking or talking and low tolerance with it.
Logs - EQData - In marriage your current self needs to be accepted as it is and this was the lapse - it strongly seems that love marriages are the way to go. I didn't stand for mamu but stood up a little late. This was bothersome a little.
	Collaboration on a common cause - individually you gotta be good - so I should have challenged myself b4 with such painful situations but even now, it's tremendous learning.
Logs - EQData - Analysis Story weaving - The pain was aggravated by pressure imposed to do it in lesser time and no calls to them. Individual introspection is not a personalized trait but a habit that e1 needs to have to go fast - that's why read books and introspection. Introspection not everyday. So it's never a question of being introvert or extrovert - but a question of cultivating 2 important skills - ability to work in groups and ability to explore in person.
Logs - EQData - Am I up to your expectations - do you think you are? Before marriage hopes that physically different but mainly so that future is uncertain so should have invested there. Now the challenge is how I become her hero. The demand is to be a manager or architect and not exit writer. Allow yourself to fail if you must but take initiative.
Logs - EQData - It's a fortune to experience pain cuz that irrevocable discontent culminates into powerful passion for action towards the desired goal. Krishna's Mercy is complicated (may not be visible in the face) - it takes knowledge and guru - to see it and leverage it. Even Kritika's own pain when newly joined bank - but perseverance and now, she is good in making interesting talks - of course many lacunae in communication but so much good also.
Logs - EQData - Joking as reasoning tactic - o Bhai, ek mahine pizza na Khana - too many things to work doesn't help - target head on way of working. Any lapse - your or 7 - don't let it repeat. Focus on transactional - and this getting hands dirty is enough a force to push you through.
Logs - EQData - Reasoning - that unknown person is to be contacted.
Logs - EQData
	Also, denied intimate moments - a great help to become an alpha.
	Kritika - Understand then indulge. Regarding exploring sex, Curiosity can't be mixed with fear. Which fear? No response. St b4 - I can't reveal my confidentiality for now. For a girl to share a room with a man, to be in the same bed - that's why marriage - but gimme time. I will tell explicitly - with me no hidden meanings. Have you observed my sleep disrupts every time you touch me in night. I am not getting good night sleep. All this started cuz nangal mummy saying show interest - does that mean sexual interest. No but open up - not a black box.
Logs - EQData Anecdotes - Golden Temple visit with Kritika - no putting hands, remove mask although all protection b4 entering - so less rush not even single line for central guru granth sahib.
	Location lapse cuz main parking different from bhravan da dhaba but he got entry. Kadha taken for family. Fish video taken and a selfie - first darshan then selfie.
	This lassi is famous - the driver said yes and there are more - if it was season I would have shown you more.
	Most of the talkative people lay lots of weightage on anecdotes. In long run anecdotes should either abstract to principles of reduce to stories that trigger emotions.
Logs - EQData - Bargain - fluid with commitments - gotta buy table alone, show interest also in chair. Question - what favor did you give although you are first vendor we choose. We are anyways short on money these days - pay me anytime (other's mood prepared and recognition as firm customer).
Logs - EQData - Pix for first times - like alu kulcha in amritsar for first time. Chauki chadna for first time. etc.
Logs - EQData - Tense with so much to handle and amazon call for interview - Nepolean - Karvaan chalte rehte hain, kutte bhonkte rehte hain. How much weight on what is your choice - that 7 wants to get tense of sth is their choice - my part is to make a life of my choice and let others decide their life.
Logs - EQData - People spin events to support a narrative - who knows why you used to come late. (it used to be legitimate but when anxious you won't listen to them).
	You haven't yet told the package - 1 way they want to protect the child is engagement of all of interests (too much to ask) and another thru money - so world seems to be favoring love marriages. Otherwise it's more about money than simple hearts.
	I handled the situ pretty well - what they need at such down moments is not literal answers but empathy for aggrieved heart - of course, emerging from misplaced expectations that I be talkative.
	Worldly relations are bound to have their limitations cuz no1 is Krishna here - of course, orchestrated by Krishna but don't expect Krishna from them.
Logs - EQData - how inapt time for kiss when I was emotionally disturbed, sorry again no experience. Admitting that never done that. Terms lip lock, cuddle, hug, caress, fondle, massaging, etc.
Logs - EQData - I recalled she asked me to take banana and kiwi for health and fighting spirit - high probability for what she meant.
Logs - EQData - Mausa said so continuing with him still - such statements don't help stability and hurt when taken seriously. Not afraid to talk about it and too secretive - either khurafat or whatever - KC concepts should be clear and they don't matter so much.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - MBA thru MAT although onboarding from CAT, MAT and Donations and most crowd from donations so 70% placements - many come only for matrimonial, degree obtaining, only learning for existing business, new business very few and recruitment the others. Cuz of specialization 1 yr in mumbai - very nice fully engaged work at MC6 like zindagi milegi na dobara with n screens and phones ringing. Fun work cuz that's what you have learnt all the while but then gotta let go for the journey ahead.
	I also wrote CAT exam and Kritika wrote XAT and saved by a few percentile short - why drop a year - gotta explain throughout life.
	Kritika quite delighted by punjabi funny movie.
Logs - EQData - Mausa shocker - husband abhi bhi wohi hai but hurt when explicitly asked. So legal view of marriage also important but ideally should be trans. 
Logs - EQData - Ball padna watching movie - I triggered for normal sleep but too late. Have her arm rest for night in discomfort. Replacement no longer entertained without defect.
Logs - EQData - Whatever it is I ain't removing the ring - a little disappointed when the ring is not in my fingers.
Logs - EQData - Polity exists everywhere in the material world - eg - decrease self worth wrt a dimension you are good at, to betray superiority. Eg you ain't up to my expectations cuz you ain't talkative and you start yearning for winning their affection - do you see polity at play in the material world! We are puppets of Maya, why don't we be puppets of Krishna. Another, too much fuss over trifle gives the shit lotta weightage, thereby deluding you. 1 golden rule or mantra - follow your bliss.
Logs - EQData - Syami talks initiatives - SRM - buy new table and how to go about it, logistics of resources best addressed, HCM fun - when are you cooking. Always some such things going on - keeps things fun and something active to talk about.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - Mount Carmel, dav school from 9th cuz icsc board not good. Intermediate and bcom Shivalik govt college under appa. MBA from chitkara - 1 yr Mumbai direct under teachers - student befriended and druggist opp and mc6 starts for 1 year with outside stay. Achievements no dubai, no Hyderabad. Break then banking - training in Jalandhar.
Logs - EQData
	You have your narrative made and don't adapt - eg - I have been speaking for 8 days cuz I asked and you just share few funny anecdotes and my stories I only shared but you never asked.
	I give you space - you understood it wrong. You never open up - for me, personal space is introspection or deep thinking on issues and then comes performance time with people and then back to home - but if I am with someone I must attend them and give them most awesome experience.
	Some people believe early marriage. Why Marriage - FDDL at different layers of existence. Fear and desires for - body, senses, mental, intellectual, ego. Why love marriages cuz there's a need for it.
	Games in school days not for winning but for visibility. What now - you know about me already.
	Independent enjoyment ki jagah prefer co-enjoyment. Honeymoon period foundation for later when differences start showing up - this is human psychology not bias from 1 eg.
	In relationship, there is a trouble caused by other's family and money issues so gotta be clear on that. Girls are more money spending bent so that's part of package.
	so many Group discussions over beliefs and values and you just wanna trigger some of them sometimes; challenges and achievements - everyday basis and recall based and others' talks.
	What do you see yourself as first - banker, MBA, BCOM - a good person - everybody does; even those who do evil think they are justified at doing it.
	forgetting all the favors and just carrying on with "what's missing"
Logs - EQData - I want some level of comfort before physical - that's ok - where's my say in that - after marriage you should have willingness and if that's missing, we must take steps to bring it. The idea is get act and then the willingness will follow just like we bow to God even if it's not natural for us.
Logs - EQData - For political benefits of acting like manager b4 becoming one, 1 bank colleague went too far to throw file on pregnant lady's face that she was coming late. Escalated.
Logs - EQData - went to work after so many days - password bhule to nahi the; ye poochho raasta ya company to nahi bhule the.
Logs - EQData - Dogs menace - street dogs barked and bit a lady who died of her injuries - municipality paid no heed.
Logs - EQData - School declamation and sports but none in college - I tolja. No talks - full time on phone and whimsical at decision making - walking right side. Mask trouble, talking to her and she dials a phone, question asked and no response - it's really like taming a wild animal. All high cost for trifles - yes, but opportunity for me to grow Eq sume - in fact, forced to do that.
Logs - EQData - Bank accompanied together - made friends thru whatsapp but smart networking crud is required - layered too.
Logs - EQData - Bhaiya - Saas sasur naal mazak karo - je bura mannan taan sorry mang lau.
Logs - EQData - tu ghar ki dulhan hai kya and that they can take you for a ride like that - where is your testosterone? The thing is I want it to work - that's the limitation but rightly so. See, you have to know where to draw boundaries - you are not falling back to last orbit but making things clear - what is ok and acceptable and what's not. This is called a manager or arch of life - you don't accept the frame that others present you but you live on your own terms. They also hinted it - why do you keep listening to me. Why your bro says sth jovial denigrating and you accept it.
Logs - EQData - I have really acted like cow - No cupboard for keeping my stuffs? didn't complain. No ac - put up an argument with appa but again accepted it. Banging on door, personal space interference. Intrusion of privacy. I tolerate but you must know when to speak up - not in seriousness but in jovial mood. At some point I should have made it known that there are lots of wrong arrangements. So don't avoid complaining and don't even complain all the times - just know when to escalate what.
Logs - EQData - she hated that you be the driver - again private made public. The truth is she can't be. She is good at her work and talks that too transactional logs of world with decorators and not talks or discussions or communication skills in general. She can't be a driver. She wants a ride like normal girls and not being a driver. So, some people just want mask of feminism. Saying if he slaps me once, I would have slapped him 10 times - now that's 1 wild animal who doesn't see wood for trees.
Logs - EQData
	I realized that because I kept things inside me - I was not taking firm architectural stand. After talking about it, I realized that all this while I was just working in exits and not taking stands - now I said hamari private life to kuchh hai hi nahi. she is also change, first you change. No we both need to change together. Don't come under other forces - It's me who validate the forces. So our forces are worthless - nahi wo aapko galat fehmi hai. Aap vyarth mein tension lete ho. tension waali baat koi hai hi nahi. Why you don't come on your own - pura india ghoom liya hai maine akele. It's the story that gets stuck in the head. Willingness rahe bas kritika ki taraf se. Mast raho tension koi bhi nahi hai. O bhai, hamein Jalfa devi ki blessings hai tension kya hai. Haule haule sab ho jaata hai - pehli baat koi problem hi nahi hai (they will chunk this piece out for politics so be mindful) but when we come together both of us need to adapt to suit each other.
	It was our mistake to choose you - well I don't want to follow that thread. Finally I am feeling alive after taking firm stands as to what's the final outcome I wanna see.
Logs - EQData - cultural differences across state they didn't understand - so keep some eg handy to make your point. That will sound like distraction and at such times, this is what we want - get over the shit. Eg - Doaba region ki language different hai. HP mein is area mein punjabi but baaki mein whatever.
Logs - EQData - Ksheer chor Gopinath kheer I got reminded of. Tell sth about asr - gotta have logs or articles for everything.
Logs - EQData - Never she took my remnant but I took her so many times. Choosing the same menu but she always differed.
Logs - EQData - Empathetic attitude towards Kritika (discussion with didi)
	the water has already flown but it is a big put off for a girl that boy doesn't drive.
	Less speech, etc were already putting her off. Then 3 days leave unacceptable. No facial and actually we did nothing in preparation for her.
	Not going by car to golden temple - but yes impatience is a problem there. No romantic talks before marriage and less talks after marriage - all this doesn't help a girl.
	The problem is expectations of love marriage from an arranged marriage. Of course, package matters to them in arranged marriage.
	That I should drive in car is a good proposal but that's very late - at 11th hour, you can't do anything about it.
	Syami occupying central stage there was a problem - casual jokes like ab to bhaiya ko aapne sambhalna hai - they just became too serious.
	so yes a lot to learn from every point they raised but the state has become unacceptable - agitation in family thinking about them, disturbance on either family sides, 10 slaps for 1, Intrusion from girl's side, divorce is the answer, impatience on changes required, not coming to gate to greet family, Syami doesn't want to even come inside.
	I didn't explicitly ask - do you want to make it work, parents? - cuz I wanted to keep implicit that yes you must - but there are stages where you must be explicit.
	The problem of domino's effect - you don't like 1 thing and things keep piling up - even small funny remark becomes seen as serious content like Syami's joke.
Logs - EQData - Jeevan Mehta Uncle - give my eg - PhD then MBBS. PDF - Post Doctoral Fellowship. Meeting him again and so happy thru facebook.
	Business was like a mistake - of course, lots of learning from business experts or experienced and elevated people but lots of dirt there - coming from place of white collar - but always got their respects for quality of product, and otherwise. Can write book on troubles faced there.
		Life is like that - we gotta own our mistakes - the decision made in emotions and not rationality. Lesson learnt that never make decisions outta emotions.
		I wanna start this work - no papa, you have always been commanding work and should delegate the labor; do what you like.
	Diljeet PhD asks Surabhi - ever talked about me - no - mennu pehlan hi shak si.
	Small things can make a big difference - Tensed about what will happen in viva and network of thoughts (udhed bun) - 1 statement -> your work; you know more than examiners, so why worry.
	Ashram - so much to know? not really. It is realm of wide understanding of shallow things - like we won't make AC or repair AC but know how it works.
Logs - EQData - trouble in madhurya rasa but deeper experience of vatsalya and sakhya rasa in my family.
Logs - EQData - Didn't like home food - they are full of doubts about everything. You refused to give 1100 for shagan. wth.
	izzat jo sky mein thi ab ground mein hai - what do you expect from this relationship - there is nothing to it.
Logs - EQData - You try 1-2 times then you back out. So, I have no incentive left to approach her. Talk anything personal to her. No expectation left. The bruises how will they heal.
	To tolerate is not my weakness but strength that I value that relationship so much.
Logs - EQData - Dream of kissing her bye. Dream of being N and F her in NMCF mode.
Logs - EQData - Respect a movie for what it is and don't be impatient - turns out that sandwich was a good watch - so yes don't be impatient.
Logs - EQData - 
	Driving - maintain gap from edges during turn and not along edges.
	Driving stories - Didn't know but from student, from Bedi Madam you go by taxi I will use your bike. I will follow your driving. Later if tufaan then part your bike and come back home (Mature advice) - some farishta helped bring all of us to home. Taking challenges like mami newly learnt but took driver but drove herself all way from pathankot to Amritsar. Even Vijay Jiju after marriage became perfect in marriage but got serious cuz didi would joke him. Papa took help of truck driver Ashok for his driving. Syami started taking challenges of moving from city to other cities for perfection.
	If road is empty, drive in speed - find desirable speed and adjust gear to it. 1st time petrol done. Before driving, take a moment for completeness of configuration driving wise and of course, purpose wise before driving even starts.
Logs - EQData - COVID and Marriage - I don't know where these stories are going - can't have narratives - so focus on what's in control and things worthy of attension.
Logs - EQData - Syami art of communication is excellent on hearing about my recruitment - Team switch, same place, no package. wfh - how can they call. Congratulations matlab ka kaam mil gya. Can keep finding but at least happy for now and will also give you practice cuz in the field.
Logs - EQData - Food - Ghevar, feniya, malpua. Bhakarwadi, kachori, rajasthan dishes. Momos - which momo type do I like (fried, moberg, etc), which place, sauce / syrup, etc.
Logs - EQData - Vocab - Na hing lage na fatkari, rang vi aave chaukha. No inputs and only benefits.
Logs - EQData - Marriage episode - my stand is very clear. Yes she has some assets like caring for others but her liability are outweighing the assets. So, from my perspective it's not very desirable. But can be worked out but gotta address so many things to handle for that.
Logs - EQData - Analytics - Don't stay in females house for long time. They didn't respect cuz girl didn't respect you else they will have raised you to head.
	don't demotivated her. Talk to her like friend not like formal. They are like kids - pillow fights. Tabhi to nazdeekiyan badhti hain. Else that's a lie.
	Illogical then annulment - let's be friends and close it - no hard feelings - nafrat kyun palni - what we want from life - let's go get it.
	solve her apprehensions. At least have clear communications. Communication gap not possible.
	Naraaz ho - sorry; insult to parent - well the problem was that you stayed in that place and nothing else.
Logs - EQData - Good with numbers like playing cards and knowing who has what. Kritika knew it beforehand that she is gonna fall short by 2K.
Logs - EQData - Dream - Getting transfer to city. Give it a try - says ok with no willingness.
Logs - EQData - I have done anchoring also in school. Declamations, poem recitations, drama, fancy dress in primary school.
Logs - EQData - why did I have to go thru that - in order to grow thru that.
Logs - EQData - Bike - just turn with front in mind is wrong - there could someone overtaking from back - similar experience with bike - with overtaking, must give horn cuz someone could be planning to overtake from other side causing deadlock or accident if both accelerating.
Logs - EQData - Papaji morning walks - water canals for fields, factory compost pits experience also although not reqd. Snake seeing experience. My self love cry the day b4 discussion proves that I wasn't happy. At asr, dubara kahoge I am not feeling ok - hey, I open my heart with you. She cajoled a friend about to leave banking. So keen interested in notes about herself. Have I done anything that will make you are my interest. I don't remember taking shelter if your arms in car (as if that was wrong). Mausaji abhi tak wahi hai? It's difficult to be with stranger alone - who is your hubby! I am like in house arrest - either wrong or too short tempered to be valuable. There were 1 day some open up discussions on terrace about friends and all but almost never. You are asking me questions like you already don't know everything about me. B4 marriage - maine to bas aakar kuchh din bitane hain bas. I will do whatever my family asks me. Trigger by 3 days too less, demanding 20K for ribbon cutting which I am u comfortable so didn't call cuz what else we talked was corona. Her attitude itself was of comprising b4 marriage especially after such incidents. Marriage she didn't look in the eyes properly nor did her family. We hate asr at Nangal like fools. Are yahaan suar bhi hain? Never seen in ur life - these are hogs not pigs - emphasized pigs even there. Food was bad at asr - never mentioned now here outta nowhere and unwillingness to take leaves or registeration. Walks but talks with syami as bro not devar - in streets or park - talks misdirected to fighting tone - jogging has many benefits but I do it for fun alone - does it last with fun attitude? It's fun and healthy and what it does to your mind - fun is enough for me. Didn't go out for walk the first day we came in spite of my asking - maybe cuz of ac incident but that's unacceptable in first place. Leaving ac on at asr deliberately while going for dinner that she couldn't take it afterwards - also kept temp at 18 celsius but at Nangal bill worries in name of good weather - that's virodhabhas. Tune daily call karna hai aur batana nahi hai unhe. Phir bhi tune bataa diya - he clarifies and your sanity check is done - this is very simple eg if being good with cards of life. Uncle's look in roka days was also not good as comparing bros but why the heck not. You see, individual incidents can have multiple causes but a series of events have some intersection and also the turn of events like with Tashkent files already reveal the intentions. They were taken aback by my casual talk on police contact number - next day banging the door. Unreliable narrators in real life or we get twist in movie when our interpretation of narrative is wrong - emotion is surprise. Always it was me pressing on making it work - she almost never spoke but satisfied me by saying it would work in confidence. But actions in person not corroborating with that intent, social ones did like family fun but like no talks while walking, bhai sahab mask utaro, etc.
Logs - EQData - Driving is patience until you have a don't know forward and hit somebody. Trade-offs sometimes hitting is better than other option. Syami's driving story - scream from old man and truck going to Delhi, doesn't lose hope like tyre change for first time. Rc for car buy sell and trips. Interview incentivising. Bills saved for iron press - 2 day b4 wth these bills throw them away but used mobile number to get all bills and give awards - had told seller to contact us when available and he did. Even bill less purchase at trillium they said your mobile number is enough. Feels good when such things come back like car bharpayi by our previous customer.
Logs - EQData - Driving - u turn in traffic - racing conditions. Avoid heat talks. Rush in Bikaner shop. Atari and airport in 1 day. Open window and water splashed inside car on rainy day by passing truck. Don't give way until you have it. Discussions comparison will bro - don't be insecure with it - accept yourself and improve.
Logs - EQData - why late sleep, what's ideal. Sewage system if more rain, leaf then stuck. Rice stuck in Pune. Electricity cuts in asr - old cities unlike blr. Usa can't compare with cuz Independence much early. Slowly innovations going on. 
Logs - EQData - No response for whatsapp message, status update you did. Changed photo on whatsapp has a message. Jokes mere aise hi hain, adjust kar la - dono ne hi karna hai. Finally on backfoot - ghis or piss rahe the. Now they will sleep peacefully after talking vs Kritika's mummy - today's their night to be disturbed - see the difference - these are birds of different flight. Saari har gall nu otherwise lende ne - achhi dil de sache. Cultural differences like bacteria culture, district unique ways, family, state, country - so culture is not discrete phenomenon but fluid or continuous over which there are clusters. Whitefield banks tell me. Usne saas nu taan aive badnaam karta. Saas has 2 sasse but snake has one - syami's joke - eth is light. What bogus or worthless people but a lot for me to grow in ashram realm - we grow best in challenges. Don't ever go there to stay - go eat and come back.
Logs - EQData - Revenge mentality. Her sanskar - same nature of mental torture. We want and seek positivity and they are hell bent on negativity. Orthodox but don't see that she is girl - fools. Divorce chahiye ke le. Zindagi kaatna is dangerous situation - we can become like them if not controlled. Where you stay with, you become like them. Power games. Saste judhte rehne waale log in most favorable situ mein to challenges mein kaise. 1 to 10 thappad stemmed from revenge mentality of talks at home. It's just bad luck. Mama made villain why - daraa do itna zyada ki try bhi na karna. Jiju se baat karni hai - bahar ki party. Didi se baat nahi karni - bahar bahar dost. Itna Vella kaun hi sakta hai - vahiyaad ki had hai. He is busy manager - is he idle. Unhone apne pairon par khud kulhadi. He will change job but not marriage - no exposure - less duniyadari that offended over it. Opened up with family - and felt better. Darana chahte hain - ki aisa kiya to dekh lena, etc. Pehle ladka le aaun - unhone peetna hai, ghar le aana hai. Mental torture se bahar ayein. Ladki karti rehti hai for dependence sake. Didi responded - hamse ladaa nahi jaata. We don't fight, can't fall below level. They are my blood - happiness for each other - badle mein achha bolna is good as long as not against self respect. Can't let them be unhappy with me. Future mein hope - constantly degraded. Kisi ke saath raat kharab karna. 30k of revenge shopping - she can do real harm. All besharm in family - shopping - himmat ja idea laga. Dealing with them is foolishness. You are with high ups, why take this shit or insult. Common people do it all for wife - yahaan kudh ke baithi hai aur extra salt or throw plates on you and can't tell parents. She is sanskar of being miserable and revenge. 
Logs - EQData - Greedy - go shopping with her. Stay with us forcefully - don't dare tell parents - don't dhamki to me you don't know my contacts. Harassment that never let other person speak and that's why sister responded - why no call after that and check logs b4 marriage. Bad karma she and trans will take care, I don't care. Duniyadari I know more than him or others - zoom car karvayi hai, call forwarding settings, abhi mera oyo room book karo. Kehndi kudiya taad lya karo mrin vi te karna honda hai bas Dasna hai. He plays politics but childish one - not the one of chess.
Logs - EQData - You don't kiss at that time - when to kiss!? Bloodstained chadar - no focus on what happened let me see. Don't tell parents that we had this discussion. Apni kismat pe vishwas nahi ki bina dahej ke sharton ke kuchh mil gya.
Logs - EQData - How much we have accommodated - problem in his eth - sitting, bathing, sleeping we didn't utter a word. How unreasonable to expect a change in 5 mins. Hun bolan mein - zaraa vi talkhi meri awaaz vich. # can't understand still then you never will. My story - I went to in-laws - I asked Kavita that she has to take care of me in marriage. We gotta give them space after marriage. If they don't then it's ok. Problem cuz of my son then had to take him. Link pura hai - call nahi aaya - o naraaz te appan vi naraaz ho jaiye - assi te bache nahi. I told you b4 I see good quality of a person not bad quality. If future of person then we will see.
Logs - EQData - it is other boy stuff for sure. recall her response after reading my notes. She came justifying. She wanted to revoke marriage in last hour but family persisted. And her mausaji discussion is pretty much revealing. Her papa is caught up - his tactic is offence is best defence but seeing where he comes from evokes compassion. It's not easy to be compassionate towards a scorpion but understand their conditions and conditionings may change your outlook and be tolerant and pitiful non-angry towards those baadhya creatures.
Logs - EQData - you find faults in his every low level thing so what can we possibly talk with you. But I am her father the what should I do - then do what she asks from you.
Logs - EQData - strong stand of wearing mask cuz it's important even she doesn't wear I gotta present good eg which syami didn't like - bhai sahab utaar do ise. Importance of sports and sportive mentality on life. Dancing alone in room with her. But man, I have done so much for her so no guilt and no regrets - buying phone, 25k purchase, golden temple visit, evening walks. None of this she did for me even after asking. She would never talk - even outta curiosity - needful talks to tell about herself so it has already been a different scene. If talks dependence still a big liability at all the layers of existence.
Logs - EQData - when i talk then no response and she doesn't speak or utter a word when going to golden temple silent like corpse and I speak then no response. Walk to iim and busy with phone all this while. In a room talks, nothing and some stories in beginning which I empathized with, just for name sake and then complete pullback. Touching her hand and then goes to tell her family about it and allege us that sit and gets up with permission.
Logs - EQData - singing mehfil I sang aa chal ke tujhe mein leke chalun and she sang in hoarse voice ar meri juh re zabin. Anecdotes like carrom you missed rani - I got my rani already. Cards - aap jhooth bhi bolte ho.
Logs - EQData - eqgrats - found out that she blocked me thru creating another account.
Logs - EQData - If someone wants poison not that we will let them take it.
Logs - EQData - mama said unke pairon mein gir ja and things will get better - I said I can't pretend. He understood she was saying pretend. How shallow this family is. Do you see?
Logs - EQData - aquaguard distribution Ravi Bhaiya, tinu Australia studies and driving part time, chinu warehouse mgmt for some company.
Logs - EQData - Money is so important. No worries that car repair became costly but it's frustrating and sweating if you don't earn a lot.
Logs - EQData - By default, keep fallback - they will call but try catch block - we will go to Bhardwaj's house.
Logs - EQData - master data - Syami kept telling that this is cantonment area where blue star operation started from - thank god eth ended b4 me; Does this house border road - chowk - this is shershah suri road ranging from to Kolkata peshavar. Any question or trigger is opportunity for erp data types - master, transaction, etc. The purpose of Syami's all transactions is psychological expression for fun or narrative or expressing love. Joke searching - how Syami excavated a joke - crying and then said this is my father's college. His approach was no crying allowed - drawback snubbing but plus point the person will be dependent on you! but mine was let her cry her expressions and then we can move in that light. As an arch - what is a better move?
Logs - EQData - Kritika - 2 mausi - una and delhi. 2 bua from ludhiana of Ritika and Hoshiarpur. 1 tauji. 1 muh bole bhai so mama. 2 Australia cousins from which relp - i think Delhi? Bua of fat gal also. Mami and sagar place we stayed - palace arrangements at home.
Logs - EQData - marriage vidai - why did i have to see that and different emotion faces - cuz political correctness compromised in the name of not nice guy. Make your nic+e well communicated and be empathetic towards others. In the beginning of a relp you don't complain- let them know if sth is objectionable but anything hurtful can have reactions in VA. So gotta be tolerant towards anarthas also - not getting stepped is thru communications. It was a lapse even though I was correct. The reaction is a psychologically pretty deterministic.
Logs - EQData - Cascade of problem so u said be passionate about work - for that somebody needs to be compassionate.
Logs - EQData - 14 floor trouble good view, far from office, no water arrangement - what if big basket stops supporting, super market far - why adapt as if we are under compulsion - we are paying for it. Close to company. All arrangements within range, chemist be close. Main road close. 1k more for staying close is still better. Market being close, doctor being close, transport easy, close to work - such kinda things. If others are met then 8-10 km is doable.
Logs - EQData - Car - lights, jack, petrol windows crank, tubeless tyres, seat folding.
Logs - EQData - Home - Bike, chimney, car slot, maintenance monthly and leaving, guizer in both, wall hanging, fittings, snakes, veggies, water outside, orion starts in 2 months, club house, etc.
	Vending machine, money with the agreement, others are staying so must be ok, outside close by also market exists in like 1km with vehicle.
	Q - Whitewash, chimney, any prob, owner any problems, 
	I asked him why he was moving, where to and trigger. Gradually excavated with some open talks (cuz fellow tenants) that owner is a high maintain guy.
Logs - EQData - Cascade of problem so u said be passionate about work - for that somebody needs to be compassionate.
	Car driving like platform with many systems - Light, engine, music, health and mech parts like mirror, window or doors, windshield, temperature system - all CRUD supported? Horn - only create rather an action possible. Steering wheel is analog in nature.
	A layer superior to this is roads types lanes road rules, parking, traffic controls, road signs, etc. This layer is also full fledged platform at least a framework.
Logs - EQData - nangal places seen - nangal dam, gurudwara, ramanand ashram nangal dam, sati devi body parts.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - Dp with her she would cherish - use such tips to psychologically win a person; surrender to the waves while keeping the goal so it becomes stochastic gradient descent - eventually it will reach the goal. Politics - correctness and circumstantial correctness - vanish when you have most dependence to make them realise it.
Logs - EQData - happy? It's either happy or path to happiness.
Logs - EQData - kritika - all 6 exchanges all this while.
Logs - EQData - neighbors and customer but behaviour like relatives. What can I get you from dubai. Goes out to beat person who gave lewd comment - she is my sister.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - asr buying clothes, smartphone gift for abhi.
Logs - EQData - kritika - Mumbai trips - khandala, Lonavala, dishes, nashik, shirdi, shani shidnapur, aurangabad museums, dj nights whole night.
Logs - EQData - scribble reasons for your narrative and then reason things out in a strategic way. 1 important thing is don't lose arg - play to win and of course to make friends.
Logs - EQData - kritika - A little fool that she downplays one with whom to spend life with. So onus entirely on me to be excellent. Her thinking being pressure brings best and some miscalculations.
Logs - EQData - let the door open for mopping, the air of ac will leak, let me turn it off - feeling cold? - no, else she won't - if you want it, I will open it. Turning fan off. Good ideas - you gotta iron there as well - But lesser effort then. Laptop bag separate for safety. Cultural differences should be made explicit and not bickering about what was not done but focus on what could be done now.
Logs - EQData - Other's mess we gotta clean up. It's like world narrative wants love marriage but I am biased here and don't know probs there. Bad planning and then postmortem that we didn't meet properly or that it's too late now - why could we not rollback cuz of our choice of arranged marriage. Problem first we don't know what we enrol for and then we bitch about it. I removed silver ring for hours and she removes it for days - they are fickle by nature so let you not forget about your own commitment to transcendence cuz here the onus is on me - many demigods bless me so as to keep my promise.
Logs - EQData - ek to hamare smartphone side par rakho. Kash ham smartphone hote. Both into smartphone with no connection - forced if it was missing. Greater age is factually a problem but had to and gotta handle now - thru 6 exchanges.
Logs - EQData - I don't think there are soulmates but we make it work.
Logs - EQData - kritika awareness where driver uncle is. Uncomfort sharing chhachh. Thinking outside script - lassi instead of coffee. Decide on config final - uncle you wait we will bring you tea - narrative short term also.
Logs - EQData - too good causes infatuation so it's good in a way.
Logs - EQData - I removed rings that they were tight, she removed cuz she got excuse even though she believed - so rituals are important. Trigger transactions following loose ends or discussed matters - what happened to ur car. Sending kheer to asr for taste. Reprimand for dressing sense after marriage - realisation that you are married takes some time. Narrative giving that the 2 are ditto copy even though every person is unique and special and contributes to world in a unique way. RCA is that she was not ready for marriage and didn't want to and this realisation she wants to be gradual - gotta respect her pace. She gave onus to me but actually she needs time - politics is name of game. Abhi very excited with gift that's what I wanted. Chinese said sagar - justified joke - previous stocks. How much range - gift but 40-50. Gold chain from parents shown specially.. Data sync complete absorption. Give it - no difference between u and me. All her worldly desires fulfilled including travel, shopping, eating - in quality not in quantity. That's us. But didn't make a show - man, we are too awesome for this world. But don't hide, don't be obsessed, just express it when context arises. She still protective like wifi password - shows lacking sense of family. Was she asset or liability - myopic selfish vision - a liability at all layers- fin, emotions, etc but my greater streak, more ashram learning and growth thru connections and pressure, family endearment - effect is 1 of asset. In future this assets will only increase I hope.
Logs - EQData - bua call. Lady sangeet - then u don't know, aapse hi to raunak thi. Abhi talks, asr talks, car anniversary. Movies on celebration sure.
Logs - EQData - my dangling chunni for fere on marriage day is quite revealing - that I will hold onto sth other person currently unable to.
Logs - EQData - I asked if the smartphone was decided. A way to communicate subtext. Another, gallan di leher beher - transfer triggered but gunjal of after confirmation.
Logs - EQData - I don't like puzzle solving - when I praise your cooking, I am not denigrating others. If you don't like some cooking, speak it up.
Logs - EQData - they speak very less and mostly transactional, recalls, etc - most triggers offered by me with good mix and fabulous communication skills. But you can still carry on with your narratives still. Guests - ji aayiyan nu attitude is different level with us - both comforts, ease of living, freedom, accomodate for every activity, etc - but e1 tries their best - like seep enjoying the game and why the hell not but some are really good at guest reception.
Logs - EQData - went out for run without me, not apologetic, not including in discussions and challenging - all this is sign of less smartness.
Logs - EQData - excited after marriage or like a task done - what use if I can't control it (rok hi nahi sakte to) - against her will; achhi cheez ko rokna bhi kyun.
Logs - EQData - it's terrible when you wish the car should topple. When you wish that she can realise only on a shock. She said I would have given tight slap for saying that you were expecting his call. Don't you call children, then why not. All personal talks were made public - eth taken in negative sense. We must take them to confidence even if illusion that helps. Vishwas aapne dilana hai - she wouldn't even look during marriage and at baba udho. Car driving shortcoming - not really. Your scaled down celebration. Cultural norms expectations informed and in sync. Failure if plan execution and not excited about result - so all mistake is ours, again taken negatively. Bad clothes that even servants we won't give - that's the reason I don't believe in shit. 30K shopping. Enum flaws with smartphone - quick discharge. When no privacy, high cost functions for not even mistakes but misunderstandings, that's what is most disheartening. All this while lacking the sheer willingness to make it successful. Bias of parents that child needs no change and unreasonable expectations to change nature.
Logs - EQData - Kritika 2 face - I was frustrated all the while - praise seen as intolerable - relp on top then praise brings affection. Food I hated - they are insecure with others praise - seen as threat rather than celebration. You said spiritual - why should I broadcast - we are scientist - this again triggers insecurity. Best stand in such cases is avoid. Why talk to me, when you should rather talk to them instead. Narsimhadev should protect us - all blessings, astrology, demigods, purvaj, Bhagwaan - nothing seemed to help - worst situation to be in. Why say you would help wash vessels - cuz oneness of family. Escapism in such situations helps but doesn't have to be sinful. This lack of gratitude is also bothersome - all I did stands nowhere - text messages, calls, head massage, gol gappe, etc. The ashram hit is even worse than varna hit - cuz ashram closer to mind. American Beauty movie - he chose to develop himself in spite of his surroundings. Aana nahi chahte the yahaan - gotta go - how to devp - but I need it. St time is the answer. Marriage registration escape with corona or that photo not available, metric certs. Han to nahi bhejenge apni beti where her interests were not met - recall she laughed her heart out there. I didn't want the basis of relp to be money centred - why not, it matters so much; why we even have eg of certs checked - that's arranged marriages for you. Diya dhoond kar bhi nahi milega Aisa ladka - insecure with such statements - to ham kaun sa kam hain - aap ki baat bhi kisne ki?! The trouble of must do but can't do anything about it - this deadlock is painful. The vision is missing cuz discouraged for every step. Can't have any roadmap so pain in the heart. No1 called me I am annoyed by that - all outta Amritsar - phone call.
Logs - EQData - retirement in 2 months. His talks come from his cultivated nature - soap vi nahi lagaya hona kapdeyan te.
Logs - EQData - ppl who are deep don't speak like that. She said e1 is ziddi - statements for endearment misapplied. But these are all superficial problems - solution exists at the root. Getting to enjoy material world in ashram realm.
Logs - EQData - Kangri dham, raipur maidan in hp. Bhola then ppl kha jayenge.
Logs - EQData - Political facade - don't resist but accept. Better still comedy facade so important in here like Kapil bhiya. Parents are always right.
Logs - EQData - 3 things important to us - personal hygiene (towel, garments, new clothes, good smell, shampoo, soap, wiper), good looks (new clothes, trendy clothes), devotional (fasting puja not in daytime) - yes man.
Logs - EQData - Saying this score of times that good in acads. Upset in asr but anyone noticed. Why you didn't tell. Why I changed so much for marriage did I need to - like learning Punjabi.
Logs - EQData - Santosh didi - beaten by husband. Be independent. We will help you, got her a cow.
Logs - EQData - Call her - same question, same reply; they couldn't see that I was in pain - time reqd for such things, need to be patient with it. My parents saw it in 1 day. Separation from family is natural. It was not that.
Logs - EQData - At every stage we gotta feel good about our steps taken on the plan. Deception I did to you? Socially I am decent. No you made face when told that I was serious fun person. Counter eg. I don't know what to trust - I will try my best to live up to you.
Logs - EQData - Any medical problems, without networking, what will you do. Yoga in ac and you say scientific you are, mask while walking causes suffocation.
Logs - EQData - Streamline channels for grats at all layers. Simply logs of what happened thru everything - your own and others but details - every detail matters - you were walking fast, I got hit by brick, she vomitted, analytics - stopped after chitkara phase.
Logs - EQData - party at mama mami - Ashram is width game - everything matters - playing cards right - seep cards game - all about strategy - politics of what to show and what to have. Social awareness - how much shagan from mami. Sagar - I don't let them go away with false statements - keep track of their cards and game. This social and political awareness is necessary for business. It turns out that they were not bad all along but just had been playing political facade all this while and still play without compromise on correctness and I once more didn't put up an argument at political facade level but took them at face value and responded with philosophy - which as expected, was taken with modification or fabrication on political layer which upsets me. Yes, less patience, less tolerance on others but foolishness from my side that I don't see wood for trees. We are not supposed to be upset by political facade like electricity bill splitting while I don't stay there - rather it should be given a response at that very layer - acceptance in the very least or reduce game to hardcore facts but it will have a bearing on political layer. In varna, you don't play games that don't matter but ashram, know it all is the mantra - excitement and entertainment in mop are the goals besides mog experience and emotions - else bad ashram ppl say. Sheer game of seep is enough to have people talking and open up.
Logs - EQData - Kha lo kheer - reasons on your feet or pivot like but really it reminds me of xyz => no more pressure.
Logs - EQData - Viper after bath, clothes wash after bath, shampoo, soap every time. You didn't apply soap.
Logs - EQData - I understood that they play cards in real life also. Surabhi said you shouldn't feel bored so she knew you - goddammit.
Logs - EQData - ziddi that I have to make it work although there is no future or vision possible. Need to give up that zidd. She needs and likes Fukrey like him as is clear.
Logs - EQData - clothes bought for marriage - well so many b4 that I have not worn and lots of them for day and night wear but forgot about it so less worldly. Could have said - yes I have but dukaan thode na kholni thi yahaan.
Logs - EQData - maine kya kiya hai ki aapko lage I have shown interest in u so why so meherban - it's about my vow at marriage - unnane vi keha si ziddi hai.
Logs - EQData - Golden temple pickup problem. What personal life aspect she didn't reveal. Our private life is non existent - how can I hope for anything positive.
Logs - EQData - agar meri presence se health kharab hoti hai; ki mein kshama nahi karungi agar inko kuchh hua to kaahe pange lene bhai. I refuse to accept her karma - it's her own. Liabilities health-wise for family, emotionally so whimsical and arrogant. Intellectually I couldn't focus and different lines anyway. Ego our life values, beliefs, expectations entirely different. Spiritually also different.
Logs - EQData - tulsi mata is haramzade ko ashirvad do.
Logs - EQData - Self respect never compromise, motivation reduced to zero if discouragement and insults. Ungrateful. Overall disturbance and painful - can't tell anybody so never go that path. Kisi tarah khincho never - mistakes are all on her side - it's 2 way - why take it all on you. Respecting other, also that manners are lacking - that's first thing they do. Hopes affected, utopian. She is actually not into it - doesn't care. Some probs but do something about it. She was on phone all the while. It's not ok. She has not even tried. First fera talked to syami but lesser to me. Girls mistakes ppl point but here it's opposite. But shopping full without compromise - also no talks makes no sense. Open heart about it that you have not tried. Shopping like nothing - open up nothing. You are earning hand. Motivation of purchase from where. Intention hi Maadi hai. Bhukkhad attitude - pehle papa ab pati - revenge shopping - ladai trust - what's my mistake all this while. My bro no peace of mind is unacceptable. I don't deserve this. Hurt back as enemy - wo suna kaise sakte hain. You are not spiritual - well if you are, you don't show. Personal space like deo, soap, wiper, shampoo. Stand - talk at length, expectations spoil yours, disrespect from them so need to settle that no matter when they approach - other home mistakes is natural but limit. You stretching your stay to make it work. They didn't come to receive her so you went for company. Phone nahi kiya. Ladai ki koshish. Ladka baat nahi karta - kya uncle utna hi bolte hain jitna aunty bolti hain. Neutral perspective - you are better off in every dimension and social you are decent. Tolerating too much - good behaviour nature. It's a sorry state - even if we make it work, mazaa nahi aa raha. Doesn't look like worth it. Didi is powerful - like MBA and nudging others and coaching and investments on property, etc. If person herself not willing - not even trying, what's there to talk about secondary. Somehow make it work is not my suggestion - stealing peace of mind is never good - half a month and e1 finds fault with you - that's not ok - at least for a year only good should be seen. Next marriage finding may be difficult but personal compromise is never suggested. From testing perspective, we did external filters. Guards down so shortcoming at screening her. Didn't call her for quite a while - cuz of marriage maryaada maybe. Filtering opportunities were less - and back out with time becomes difficult in arranged marriage. Don't know unfolding of stories likr apologies, here narrative is along intent that not good for us but story maybe that they apologize but still not good for us, Saurabh. More painful for me if you are disturbed - better than few initial bad days - money loss also ain't nothing but mental balance is a big deal. Tu theek nahi hai - jab life challenges aayenge tab kya hoga - abhi kuchh nahi to depressing - eventually you start to believe in affirmations. Didi aapse baat karke bahut achha lagta hai - e1 can drive and talk but toppers are 1. Filters like state was also met here but well. Love, trust, etc but but some anchor is necessary. Kya rishta hai? Are you there to pay her rents and mental torture that you don't take me Germany. Did you find any flaw with her - we don't look for faults but pursue excellence. Can blame revenge shopping and mango juice when you rushed to terrace without asking or walks without talks on phone but we don't. We are sophisticated, elite, elegant gentlemanly. I don't wanna be worried with how they are doing at Bangalore. Lifetime thing needs confidence. Syami advertising may not have been good - yes, but can't stop him from his natural spontaneous behaviour - yes but it has impact. Why did they not properly check - nor did you - but it's then backing out not me - what she wants us syami but what she gets is me - this is humbling. But they chose me so why unstable. Enough insult, we ain't getting back. House arrest the first day.
Logs - EQData - hand kiss - face other side. No talks during walks on phone, no response, not getting sleep sometimes. Gotta give shagan like ritual - sunana attitude. Respect is now in ground. Kanyadaan in name alone. 2100 to return so check - only to sunana later. So, given all details it is a liability even if apologies and willing to change. Police scare last day. Don't barge into bank - first she said she would make me meet them and then abhi said let's go inside and then she annoyed why I talked to somebody - all this adds to making togetherness difficult or undesirability. You be the driver if you think - upsetting. Have I shown any interest - that has to be brought. Food in bedroom - we did it for her! Cold in bedroom.
Logs - EQData - college terrace, auto lock, solar panel, lift system, water mgmt, night time laughters with friends with mild breeze - that's called happiness. E1 becomes philosophical.
Logs - EQData - rain clogs - cuz ppl are fools. Sabjiwala filled it for his thela, shop owner for his extended platform, brick pillar on top - committee can do but why would they given that they made it after years.
Logs - EQData - all our statements are arguments.
Logs - EQData - silver ring misplaced at Nangal I was annoyed but finally found it in bag. Electricity bill pressure on roommate, he decided to leave. EQData - Center of attraction here is having options do less tolerance with anarthas. Rakhi mama remembered suddenly, Amazon prime ordering delivered b4 rakshabandhan - center benefits of Amazon and prime membership.
Logs - EQData - phone numbers change from friend to newly married girl. WhatsApp messages as if a friend. Calls - not able to pick. Writing. I am busy, wait for my call after dinner. Then clarification but what drama is possible on other end.
Logs - EQData - food - kofte, vadi Vali daal, kadi, vadi ghiya.
Logs - EQData - Instant followup - how much this is, repeat your reqt, very responsive - his speed slows means it's time to overtake.
Logs - EQData - pahadu ppl we like rice. They obviously won't say they are sorry. This was a way of saying sorry that you bend and offence is best defence.
Logs - EQData - dream of chicken made bare by beak picking. So, don't let pricks. Another, she said let's try it. Obsession - now no fear haha. Pretend happy with colleagues - raja on call, calling it honey on blade in team meeting when I really meant it, only that honey was missing. Work life balance but what about work - life ain't messing with work, it's other way around. Life ki galti - yes, it is cuz amavas ki raat koo koi galti nahi hui, saali ko scary movie chahiye; bilkul wiper nahi karta ye rishta to theek nahi hai (upplay or downplay showing polity explicitly); to theek hai mujhe bataa ke kyun rulana chahti hai - tere karmo ka fal hai ab bhugat.
Logs - EQData - aapne cheezon ko galat nahi kiya, blunders kiye hain, thereby just exposing yourself.
Logs - EQData - not story really. I am hoping to grow in ashram thru this. It's an opportunity - have fun that's ashram anyways.
Logs - EQData - I called her b4 7 so that she would not pick call and I won't get to call her.
Logs - EQData - Rent agreement sent over courier thru me to owner.
Logs - EQData - Perhaps they had alimony in mind in sense that they talked about what package could be after M.Tech - we earn a lot but so do they. Krishna is a great protector - even for a possibility if this was true - which materialist says no to incoming money. Also protection of my savings getting eroded in travel plans and new house on heavy rent. Transfer still they had no plans.
	SAP changing project is easy and even facilitated but other companies you gotta first talk to manager who eats your brains up. So more reasons to be grateful at SAP.
Logs - EQData - Pada-cinha of Mahaprabhu in many places. Near puri. etc.
	such impressions on rock is not common.
Logs - EQData - EQGrats - Making design on sandwich - You are very creative at anything you do.
Logs - EQData - Smart
	I lost the battery of cellphone and gotta reach and come back.
	travel as much as I can with the smartphone off and then use navigation to get to the spot - less than 10% battery remains.
	now I have laptop and usb cable recharge as I speak to the girl and then use it to come back.
Logs - Story - Body scratches in NIT JSR. Heavy fever at NIT JSR and still not going to hospital. Ear problem in IIITB.
Logs - EQData - Kritika - Headaches on touch or display off screen no proper eye contact avoidance. All point in the direction that she was already uninterested.
	Of course, I didn't deflect the pre existing interest but good for me. Eye drops problem. We arranged for her. Glass thrown in street.
Logs - Story - Games with Adhrit - chidi ud kaan ud, jumping, face expressions, stunts, pose, game plays, situations creation like ball going under the sofa, waiting for him to ask for help, ball snatched, his cloth on you or drinking from his bottle pretension, etc.
Logs - Story - Police chalan by choice. Don't confess story. Show hardcopy to save time convincing over soft copy.
Logs - Story - awareness eg by Kritika - papa ki gaadi aage hai. Chaabi aur dabba unke paas hai.
Logs - Story - Hitch hiked truck for board exam. The factory of her mamu.
Logs - Story - Jacuzzi in Goa for first time. Morning darshan beach in mahabalipuram. Stone carvings. Petrol finished and heavy raining and bulls and tracks lost, less street lights. Balle balle hare krishna cd drive dys course, online hare krishna, bhangra in jagannath puri, reprimanded next year and I thought they didn't understand devotion really. Bole to.hari bol. Drama on kailash and friends when 7 becomes a devotee. With me it's always been how to make it special. Gratitude for milk providers in hostel but anger once in a while. Dogs fear overcome to go to voice, travel to dangerous basti area. Support from gangster after hearing my surname. Once taking me ahead then dropped me ahead. Searching for room for rent - good exposure. Collection of nptel lectures - myself and in trips - gave me research foundation. Some thought i was misusing ds for gain but artharthi platform ain't bad after all. Mayapur rsp angry over yudhishthir mistake escalation. Prasad from HH jpsm. Darshan runs and narsimhadev darshan. Enamored by grandeur. Mp run. Gurukul vs jet age gurukul. Getting mahaprasad mala from head pujaris. Pune - we don't cook as employees but as service. So delicious and an enemy who firoti choked on his chicken - their simple devotion. I urged they abondon me - they didn't. All preachers really have been bhurida janah. Walks to temple - starting of recordings and XML for learning, books and web reading, new smartphone. Walks while teaching and also afterwards - but something interesting was happening at that time. Morning evening runs. Counselor meetings added 4 moons. Food distribution seva always in kc even then. Disrespectful pinches were good, pain of being a bad eg - places where shoe really pinched. Even in college with anartha expressions. Top stated form and substance. Relp became better in Pune. Swapped with chandigarh - when a lady asked for it. Tasty foods. Swag of jokes. Good relationships but no fb why - do it. Notes and books and pure love for cs which resurfaced at pune when ssc tier 2 exams and I asked what I truly wanted dsa and all I said. Mumbai visits, dragged outside for my station. Mild burns from Devs. Couldn't go to nearby place by auto cuz of bad experience being heart broken that I would stay with Devs. But good for va growth. Said would wait outside the gate. Even at pune if I didn't get accomodation. My story is very rich. Let's close eyes and remember all details of every place to recollect more stories. Cycle lifted for veg purchases. Bargain flower stories - i got render variegated services with many anecdotes everywhere. Things have culminated like dag in my life like sanskrit interest later for kc, career pain for career success grit sincerity and even content, etc. Horse ride in Gulmarg, rope knots for mountaineering.
Logs - Story - Primary school steppu, land acquired game, maram pitty, gilli danda, slap for no flower, paper straightening, maps filled, right angle, Chittaurgarh, slap gesture me, my secondary school projects. Bg study in park in jsr, rain meditation in jsr from voice and just getting wet once.- singing raag for varsha. Audio records for poems. Taken by friend to hospital and vv - Praveen Pr, cosmic pr, jumping the gate for night sleep. Scolding owner's son for cycle. Cooking sweet roasted thekua for counseling, books mgmt, cylinder seva at different places, etc. Remember first 5 digits, counting number from length, no effect of blasphemy. School class bunks for football, for skits drama. Gym in evening after school opened by a teacher. Badminton with him funny guy. Volleyball in SAP.
Logs - Story - Cat on table in iiitb. Nandi hills free fall people taking risk and I jogged there. Caves also. Also in Panchavati. Ear problem, monkey at gadadhar pandits place.
Logs - Story - dev attack and I held him from behind. Story of beating police in kolkata. Forced to buy fruits which I had rejected earlier. Autos curtailing on prices. Saturday feasts. Talking throughout night and missing mp next day. Story of meeting Ankush pr and visiting him. Story of meeting lakshya pr parents. Meeting it bhu waale pr and said living for them and leaving for them is all he said after meeting. Vridancandra darshan after services and deep satisfaction. Profuse caranamrita after janmashtami fast. Vomit 1 day. Sanskrit preacher and balgovind pr. CCP lecs at Infy and ktp talks about what's slow and hanumanji - loved his presentation. Smartphone internet started with mild probs also. Pradhanmantri episodes, yoga and running. Tormented walks after vit lecs. Walks to temple fortune. Jain temple seminar before and after - shatrunjay temple. Google Maps started that time with internet. Desire to break regs once again - just to express anger. Desire for cs life sprouted also ssc. Cylinder at Infy, running near Infy with dys lecs in park. Saw building devps with ellipse maths and desire for social studies. Jiravan with mp dev and slaughter vids desire to not watch.
Logs - Story - Vasabi sauce nose opener. Swimming talks, fights in primary school, bad guy who ridiculed thru lousy ball which I hit and he got chastisement. Swing in 12th class guy. Manish sir stunt. Fillers in school - very famous.
Logs - Story - Ropar court - agreement that no interference later and exchanges to take place.
Logs - Story - Expenditure included so not shocked cuz we knew they were cheap. Okhal mein sar diya to moosal se kya darna. 50% of wedding first of all - all expenses - tell me like what. Judge claims that you ain't doing it under any pressure - will say what we said then that you are rolling back and we are ok with it. Jaldi do the lawyer - costs 20k - for 10 mins? Yes will check it from our end. You know it all like son - we never had to go thru this field ever in life, you put us on this field. Shagan and dresses - not even touched, take them away with you. Must have discussed at home - we don't; there are other important things worth thinking. You said you would sign immediately - and I still say that but at least bring the papers.
Logs - Story - thank god that they found the person who owned the car. Towing in worst case but why brute force. Resilience and understanding grows thru such incidents. Uric acid problem, broken Gitte, ringworms, ghosted udhampur, asr 7 km walks. Falling for Nigeria email.
Logs - Story - RSP saying about me he is my old friend. Give gift of laddu to cleanest kurta - I gave it to him. Drama like fools. My compulsive trip to place where Nityananda gave mercy to Raghunath DG. Bhakti caru swami - I interacted again like fools - how are you, young man - maharaj please take prasadam. Chakk de phatte in puri, stopped the next year, bole to hari bol. Internet Govindam adi purushan. Walks with gopal Krishna Goswami. Morning temple class (travel by brahmachari car) b4 afternoon shift but saw va as liability not a fortune.
Logs - Story - sd Nagpal sir - we know how to use money. Spending on students and teachers not like other principals stealing your even locks. Thursday prasad, ambals, campus festivals like yajna, etc. Cctv footages preserved - mn singh sit papers lost - 2 staff's girls had sneaked in - mama gave the idea. Project marks. Patnitop trips, movies at Chinar, etc. The ear ache of student incident. Mama escorting me to cbse exams - he very considerate when mama had to travel to asr. The best principal - fillers in his time. My director - tractor like car assembly by studs. Voip assignment - didn't do cuz of mop or moi. Sine die - talking to him on cycle which he didn't like. Got blessings from him later.
Logs - Story - Kgp delayed got down from train. Vivekananda books and fight, sleeping on station for night on chair and even on raised sheets, sitting with all and dancing and feasts. Catching running train. Ffl everywhere. Milk consumption at kgp - ghee, dancing whole hearted. Urged to join kgp camp which I did.
Logs - Story - syami extending outta company for sake of satveer when sister got accident. Child left when principal ditched the promise to keep child for the nightm mama rushed to udhampur - got in good books - responsibility. Yam niyam for personal erp.
Logs - Story - call from Bharadwaj - status update - I am outta station - but status - will talk after coming back.
Logs - Story - My published materials in school diary. Theses - gave his own to teacher - brain sleeps and doesn't respond. Fake laughters with friends. No happiness and no distress in any event cuz stone like head  Chandigarh mains exam - mama's mamaji said use simple language for poems. MSc and PhD all by himself without any external guidance. 1 man army - no hint from guide - all by yourself. Jeevan Mehta very exanplary - PhD then mbbs then md thru me on fb - very well off with fruit gardens in HP and bro being director, married to mbbs during PhD. Another friend - did he ever mention me - no - mujhe pehle hi shak tha paapi te.
Logs - Story - But girls like it - when it's by your choice.
Logs - Story - Found on fb that blocked. First hand politics of home.
Logs - Story - Google Maps road blocked so gotta decide left or right - changing maps veredict - I will tell you. 
Logs - Story - Papa told Mama prediction and Nanaji curious how he did it - I knew she was going to go away - how? Mausi - papa told nanaji the reason - 1K men can live together but not 2 women.
Logs - Story - Komal Sharma
	Business is wrong word. such words don't sound good. sorry. Ppl ain't worthy - it's not debit, credit.
	I don't go by public opinions - high rated IMDB or flop movie - It is possible that I would like it.
	Impress need. Normal girl I am. Regular family accomodate insecurity.
	Beti or bahu - investment in relp. 
	I open up my fears and expectations. 
	Her work trace. Can cook. Gotta work.
	Religion not very expressive. Gotta do like temple we bow even when not natural. Truth - practically?
	Hurting 7 - like clothes then in personal space. 
		Mama very particular.
	Bridge gaps - and willingness to bridge it 
	coming leaving eth so u gotta accomodate.
	Not a soulmate believer anymore.
	Why not love marriage - cuz don't believe vs never found.
		Not attracted - well e1 is; perhaps cuz spiritual and won't hurt and filters - telling to expose my mentality.
	Pub - accept vs cherish for friends.
	Not late, not shopper person.
	Some guru - no diksha but idolize - satsang - others shouldn't tell my decision - no, concepts.
	Tell me about your family - It's about me, you, us - it's us so agreement nothing utopian and smiles for explanations.
	Tired! You drove? Driver was needed else only 1 way. 
	No home politics 
	home or work - it's like eat or exercise - both and balance - 1 platform of stability for the other. 
	What do you do with free time - movies, songs, games - movies.
	Greatest fear from myself - to say no even in love marriage - using 7 for mileage - no obligation.
	You ain't marrying outta obligation that e1 gotta, right? Genuine fears.
	Startup for ERP - customer and medical customer, address them - ui not liked. 
	Bahut zyada emotional hun. Don't stop me mother has problem - earlier I only tested thru love but Bangalore - yes doable. Discuss not abscond. Tough questions but ideas given.
	God emotion is love for my family. Friend to intimate. City distance wrt court.
	Say sorry when feel like it - emotions driven. I don't go by stats of love marriage and arranged marriage but intuitions of some 4 people around that's very biased but stats can be fabricated.
	Not hurt other meaning for you - Wear clothes separately that's not pleasing.
	You think utopian & I think practical.
	CPWD in govt retired - that's civil works from govt behalf.
	Important realization - Be a skeptic unless proven otherwise - give them chance and discussions to do that - Reinforce wrong as normal while selection but while accepting, be skeptic to there being anything wrong and always give benefit of doubt.
	Discussion with didi - 
		not picking call or bad excuses - so be ashwast. Not buj. Means she tells lies. Lives like wanna when she says feel driven.
		Life is not a Business. Mind gets limited by your weakest link. Pub. jitna similar or reqd background, the better. I will change the other person doesn't work.
		logon ke roop badalte hain. Jaise kuchh feminist log kahenge - means she is not the one. There's variety of ppl. Not spend thrift. Use the man for forwarding the money.
Logs - Story - Telling to mirrors I promise you in passion. I really love you no matter what and tears come out. I don't deserve this.
Logs - Story - Spared 1 day b4 project cuz can't do injustice with work.
Logs - Story - Achievement - 1 day to ghaziabad and back. 
Logs - Story - She used to bitch about e1 she met; probs with this person and that. Interference from her parents was always there.
Logs - Story IQ - Grateful that SAP growth was very organic
	Coming from background of Siemens so adept at technically seeing eth - properties file, git, framework exploration, etc. All knowledge of master getting leveraged. Tech Smartness made clear.
	First project introduced all the concepts without tech jargon so got to focus on concepts and architecture and funtional knowledge that matter. Joined with freshers so mindset becomes proper and aggressive. Seen as newbie so eth is told by excellent team. Exhaustive knowledge with backwards compatibility in every way - legacy systems - how things have changed and evolved even locking from file lock to GIT.
	BYD to NSME was systematic - Functional knowledge kept intact and technologies changed with their full beauty so that LIB beauty is observable. It's a challenge of veni vidi vici so gotta give our best for self esteem. Tech exposure while maintaining the exhaustive knowledge.
	already git, big data is known and deployment etc so this project is becomes relatable and attention can be given to new things like Ops. That too joining with similar colleagues becomes relatable.
Logs - Story - List bhejoge taan pataa lagega. Let's finish this off with gifts and then sign to finish it off - what are we after. No mukadma - happening with razamandi. 20k standing is what logic - I ask you to give 20k to 7. We gotta think right - avoid such troubles. Kar lo guruji - wherever sign reqd and finish it off. Why shall we take lawyer's number! It's simple deal - you want you keep but we just sign with witnesses - that's all. I am looking for your profit only. I ain't fighting with you. I was outta station - tiresomeness afterwards. Mere bibe veer sun lo - I will sign wherever you ask. You didn't check - I was not here so...the thing is you don't listen to what I said. Bargain with him. If he says 30, what would you do at least some fixed rate. I won't talk - just suggesting to you.
Logs - Story - Nitesh Bharadwaj - adhaar card photocopy justified cuz command given to him. Abstract our case and think of FOE - in general, avoid it but be aware of all possibilities. Political sharpness that no mention of exchanges cuz you said that once - only the other plans.
Logs - Story - car battery drained listening music. Battery drained while in emergency - 1 day cylinder return and maps deceiving. Bus misinformation by maps. Buying in mall while not prepared for her shopping - parallelly phone receiving when gmail deceiving with other phone - gotta pay with other's Google pay. Story - locked inside room in vit pune and in iiitb.
Logs - Story - banga sarkar took shop areas like Papa's chacha farms took gndu land - do court cases again if money not worth it but land they take when they want. Like jnk bought from Britain after their victory from ranjeet singh. Banga, gadshankar - all outside settled and kothis handled by bhaiyas.
Logs - Story - babe da dhaba - radhaswami de devotee - quality parotha alu gobhi, dal fry, asked for more money verbally - but with Bill it costed 60 rs less - see the anarthas. Clarity of no double payment. Verka and amul Butter.
Logs - Story - Ropar courts - No soap, bad toilet, no water so always precondition check - like old days, mud or ash cleanses, and sanitizer due to covid phase so solved. See govt offices conditions.
Logs - Story - Weakness of heart that you won't reveal what you should, to the person when there are signals from trans. It will escalate for sure but to not reveal lest it hurts parents, well you are still hurting 1 person really bad. You may make wrong decision using any excuse that family said it but you would be still wrong and unethical. Trans telling this thru courts, thru siblings, thru inside which you can ignore or put more weights on other practical side of args. You do what you feel good about - cuz in any case you bear full responsibility for your decisions. That you did it to please somebody is similar to karna, or Valmiki b4 purification. Practically also it's a burdened life with fear of exposure with high penalty on failure and good probability of exposure. It's constant postponement of problem with worldly emotions of fear, lamentations governing the show.
Logs - Story - stopped at laddi da vaishno dhaba on way to byas - chatni reminded of udhampur.
Logs - Story - lawyer asked for money and immediately shown. No, first ask that it should be after the process, and receipt for it - prefer online for proof. Don't be naive to pay when asked. For notarize 100 rs is expected and not argued over.
Logs - Story - Accident put me in different state.
Logs - Story - being reprimanded in Pune for not taking care of parents that I had not visited them for a long time. When hospitalization happened without my knowledge.
Logs - Story - Car in Bangalore helped by a friend I had invested time on but not so much effort and money 
	I was hesitant cuz withdrawl from a relp is anyways to be minimized for best returns (unless you wanna test - what's standard ROI).
	But the attempt opens your brain and familiarizes you more with workings of phenomenal world.
	Also favors giving is not always easy like bed given to roommate but bedsheet torn apart.
Logs - Story - Finding faults - Why you spoke like that on phone, you speak less, why said that it's a fault. Not responding at all. Headaches.
Logs - Story - Surabhi didi angry over her photos pasted on college collage but there was none of her picture in collage.
	Angry over Adhrit crying when he pooped and being washed. Taking firm stand of curtains being washed from drycleaners services and said no in the last hour.
Logs - Story - Train thieves Mama - pantry car servers in ac cuz no1 else visits. sandals up and bag under head so couldn't steal so gazing and faced anger. Left in minutes. 2 babies carried and bag zip opened for purse and lady behind got caught with anger threatened to be handed to police and voice came from back whether that was your purse.
Logs - Story - Work - Problem of going to nature's call while on a call and your name gets pronounced.
Logs - Story
	Very crowded Haweli so we went inside to order our regular things and also sweet dishes that I wanted to get.
	Surabhi didi - donge ko hi muh laga leti hain. Goldy Mamaji Firni, parothe in NIT Jalandhar, lassi makkhan amritsar.
	Haanji kede kolon puchh ke tambu gaade ne - paaji assi pardesi bande looking for work we will remove it in evening - jeda khilara payega and public - we don't let anyone stay and keep things clean - ok then carry on.
		st fighting - Doctor's house veg shops and angry one day - his mother had connections with counselor so they ran away at that time but later again shops came there - outta your land you can't legally remove them.
		Selection connection and keyspace by dropdown - leonardo system schema in cassandra
Logs - Story - Tell your concern head on - don't put it - let me be here today - what does it mean today - whoever comes they will park their bikes and stand on veranda - move from here by the time I come back if insistent.
	If not, then angry pyaar ki baat samajh nahi aati.
Logs - Story - I will throw you from terrace 5th floor and she was about to slip and heartbeats could be heard outside.
Logs - Story - Udhampur visiting friends in army areas - vikram park, school left side gate entry to a school friend in intermediate, and basketball courts. English teacher's son birthday - his name is tufaan. Grihasta's deity installation in JSR and I liked Krishna's reciprocation statements which got ridiculed (and with a good reason). Sakchi Gaudiya Math. Shankar Pandit's place in jungle. Demigod's temple once for katha. Water filling seva to start with. Never got the debt of money from alumni but enormous gratitude.
Logs - Story - pinka told to south indian.
Logs - Story - climbing iron rods in udhampur for 3 story building and didn't know how to get down.
Logs - Story - found out that laptop wasn't charging due to laptop fan being connected to usb.
Logs - Story - yol cantt independently walking to Helipad-point cuz I was being denied something.
	Army Public school - auto driver didn't show up so Independent walk to home but that happened to be bit too far.
	Kargil park shehtoot, kargil park huge nahar entering into bigger canal.
Logs - Story - cracked the password at Nangal. Of course, later asked anyway so a whitehat hacker.
Logs - Story - this means that for life even I have 4400 Rs remaining and for Chair I have 16500 remaining.
	FLEXBEN OCT 20	81341365	2856	176012084	1341365	81341365/FBAN	Saurabh Devgun	Health and Wellness Wearable Health Devices	447000	Flex
	FLEXBEN OCT 20	81341365	673	176012084	1341365	81341365/FBAT	Saurabh Devgun	Health and Wellness Wearable Health Devices	447000	Life  Event
Logs - Story - Brihaspati Pr story of IISc problem then to IIM. Syami Abortion story (didn't want but chance - thinking excuses to not do it).
	Vikram Sir asking me for invigilation story and checking papers story. Quick numericals but wrong once then rise on bench and how's the weather there - his notes would all be on the board.
	Udhampur - Balcony view PGT so spacious. Dalda in every bhujia so once in a while.
	Not made CR in 12th cuz bad experience as monitor in 11th but good for me. You did blunder - Principal to Surabhi didi.
Logs - Story - Health - collar for migraine to show POP cracking on top.
Logs - Story - Politics - In Favor of Modi
	traveling isn't easy - jet lag and growing Indian name.
	Chinese kissa on Doklam. Brought Malya and others back.
	Israil and US support - sanctions on Muslim countries but not on Iraq and India cuz they know the consequence.
	Loan waiver, jobs - we want lesser cost and sell most by farmer who will pay more.
		sahanubhuti with every person in nation not just farmer.
		if company shuts down, does govt pay anyone's credit card bills.
		Eg - Singapore old man cleans table - power of work.
	reservations - qualification, experience, competence - skill Devp, Make in India, Entrepreneurship. All these will raise employment - some time it takes.
		some investment it takes in terms of time.
	REL you come home after trip from outside - and complaints - so empathy for PM.
	he has purity and commitment.
Logs - Story - This is foundational side of HomeErp. News is story of SocialErp.
Logs - Story - New year at temple, then at gym or introspection. Singing bhajans loudly on bike. Deception by project mates when I told them that I didn't know something - that's exactly triggered at showtime. Mama open hair by chance. Helping stoned girl thru streets cuz chakkar. Coincidentally victimized for being loose with boys when boys were giving gestures - they all sat but she tried sitting late and half heartedly. Networking investment on a teacher in past and plea in present saved given that nanaji was too strict - they were supposed to be taken to parents. Eye wide open seeing plate full of sabji - he wouldn't eat sabji at all and family would joke which vitamin in this - later got diabetes and complications.
Logs - Story - Komal Sharma - you were going to do to me what they did to you. But we didn't - saved by Krishna. Of course I was insisting them to tell else I would but delayed cuz knew what this meant - also a little delay meant intimacy enough to withstand the shock.
Logs - Story - I will drive it to Amritsar from Bangalore. Scissors stuck in fingers really bad.
Logs - Story - Infy - current in extension socket and I feared but had to tell. Infy - I said it is in morning so stayed back for some hours even if manager didn't want so.
Logs - Story - papaji - no behre and sabji cutters for cooks which is normal in Punjab, running with work and appreciated. Mamaji - anna ka niraadar nahi karna.
Logs - Story - mobile fell in car in Bangalore. Introducing areas in Bangalore. Mobile fell from pocket when in Amritsar. Not new cuz fell at petrol pump etc. Forgot credit card at food Udupi. Paid extra, purse fell when pollution certificate. So yes a lot of lacunae exist in my ashram. Telling parents that your restriction is a problem enough that I like Bangalore more but revised that by evening that problem is me - I don't take initiative - while this is true anyways, stating that was most important because of their happiness and I felt so pacified with their happiness regained. Better be weak while serving than be strong at enjoying - from happiness hunt perspective.
Logs - Story - desperation risks like certificates original submitted for job, etc.home hunt at Bangalore - road inside, different places, diamond, etc quite something. Lack of ownership - fruits purchase - how much money asks papa - sorry I didn't pay attention -> then what are you here for?
Logs - Story - bauji donated land to jatts cuz they were impoverished which they never got back - being good also has problems. Those days no North food in Bangalore - only rasam which felt like cheating - even curd was an insult. Ticket collector in train commented you Punjabis are very firm - we said you should thank for not being thrashed. Went to iisc. Air fares went down - remained same but inflation so it's cheaper. Interaction learning computers every dept - wife pinging while ias on chat. Who had thought that e1 will become jain. Health stories - got corona every body 
Logs - Story - barber early waking hours - can you wake me up - no, it's outside maryada. What's happening to sabhyacar.
Logs - Story - Surabhi didi orchestrated me and jiju to go get ice cream and network. I could see his insecurity with SAP and with cs bro but that's life - you gotta transcend insecurities in ppl.
Logs - Story - you are doing to us or were about to do to us what they did to you - resonated my supersoul's voice. Of course earlier you stop the better but it is not without stakes - they share such news with relatives. Not exactly similar cuz you have intention of staying unlike other but other person has right to know about your life events - can't you tell that on day one - ideally we should but the sooner you tell the better. Problem of being a bystander. Probs with law and ignorance of it, probs with avoiding fights. Can you see how important this study is - this all comes under ashram.
Logs - Story - baby taking shelter when loose motions but I can't help. Syami binded chunni with bed to ensure it won't fly. Syami delivery - not relieved for many days from hospital so greed there - papaji treatment papa told by doctor that if he was in his shoes he won't continue. Papa in research team at jammu medical hospital - govt hospitals in every state - for every district - icmr project of research but business interests. Complaint to hospital managers with logics - why not nurses bring items to room themselves if covid precautions are in place. Driving experience - briny and take consumables from and to hospital. Park for Vishal megamart for sweater, for hospital vault parking, for gwal mandi chowk, etc - familiarity with asr roads helped. Pass taken and refreshed for better packages. Jalandhar relatives affection but irresponsibility that they forgot to inform that they had contacted corona so theories. Apollo 24 hr auto rental update cycle - softwares in nodejs recruitment - Hospital erp. Flight cancellation loss.
Logs - Story - PIES - Inconsiderate, respecting ur protocols - can't spend another 45 mins. What's my expectation and where's the gap - services take 1 hr and security takes 5 mins. Do you have child, good that you don't. No carrying luggage - ask them to come - else you take it. Unknown fear strategy, tolerate, tell pyaar se, tell as it is, complain, flop their business. Inki duties - one sided I can't repeat, complaints I told her. Fear and upar chadhna and person complies. Online stars - twitter handle to destroy their biz. Importance of showing eyes. Learn the art of challenging protocols - hospital protocols, road protocols, etc. Didi jiju are managers in real sense - pies config heroes. Challenging system with concrete flaws enum with eg and proofs. No use fighting with security guy cuz he follows as per commands. So, why waste time. All logics culminating in a specific ask - 15 mins my mother in law needs time. Make a very strong case and use all psychological tricks properly with full emotions involved. What were application writing in school days all about anyways - learn to be an exception with proper communication. He will go up then he could carry blanket - he is using psych strategy of 1 way to solve a problem but what we want is best way of solving a problem - so question should be why you won't do your duty. We of course can do it but what are you here for, anyway?
Logs - Story - my polythene why you taking nani by ashrit, my papa chappal Surabhi didi, etc.
Logs - Story - Showing that we are offering the best so don't say that take yesterday meal - take fresh one and give us old one - I would have never said that but saw the motion and added my bit but why if you didn't believe in it.
Logs - Story - Bargain - I have advertised you in whole of city and you show no favor. last time we bought at 3400 and this was after that month so it's possible - could have been old stock - didn't propose 100 less himself.
	daalne waali baat karo yaar. He came up with 100 less. If we say then we have already shown flexibility.
Logs - Story - adhrit aisa kabhi nahi roya. Hasai da naam nahi honda, rovaye da honda hai so can't suggest how loose motions were cured decades back. Vice principal room mama and didi alone with raam lila folks coming back taking look at 2 alone ladies.
Logs - Story - CTO called Syami for work continuum - I don't mind increase my package - see their are constraints - it's ok then.
Logs - Story - How free we are - candle passing. Road Safety India first - what difference it makes I still drove at 150 to come back to home.
	Got insulted there and said people so much enthusiasm - saying as if we were not there. Drishyam style.
Logs - Story - Pune intolerance to "KC didn't work for me", mail for janmashtami donation he is a yes man, Questionnaire making, recording SB seva, doctor probs with KC, Bus huge jump. Ankush Book Distribution, Narsingadev lamination, etc.
Logs - Story - VOIP from director. Given away to CS dean.
Logs - Story - NIT JSR Guest Room with papa. I3TB Guest room joining 1st day.
Logs - Story - KGP trips for NPTEL Lectures. JSR trip for IISER and IIST - social exposure.
Logs - Story - anything you run after gets finished. Keys for room after joinging SAP - not getting so did it myself. Of course, such incidents don't help my perception of thinking low of people.
Logs - Story - Keys are pointers - carried keys with me to Amritsar and car keys double pointer - so couriered them to a friend - importance of networking. Of course this was also a lapse at proper planning. Should have kept a copy of keys already and kept 1 in kitchen and that's what I did later also. Exception handling of eth you do.
	Dependendability of social systems like couriers in precisely the number of days.
Logs - Story - mama locked in partition while in bathroom cuz I didn't notice that door was only link and closing it meant creating partitions. Automatic kitchen lock once so mama did cleaning and kitchen work until morning but in worst case it would prolong many more hours.
	Need for IOT and GPS at home to locate things and people. Recall once falling in bathroom and once on floor - these are very discouraging incidents.
Logs - Story - being locked inside room at I3TB. Bad example of GPL birthday bumps and hospitalisation at NIT JSR. Once one boy in toilet and died later cuz 50 days holidays started.
	locking mama in udhampur. once being locked in VIT pune but calling a friend saved my day else would end up sleeping there for night.
	At SAP getting to meet Infy friend, VIT Pune student, previous team member in next team, I3TB colleague.
Logs - Story - being invited to marriage by Raja, and a college friend but missed them. Topics of discussion - BYD haal, relevant jokes on marriage, new rewards, covid situ.
	why not vacate the room was the proposed idea.
Logs - Story - 2 for joy and 1 for success - yes but habit cultivated so even after saying that eyes still crave for 2.
Logs - Story - yes we girls like it but you have to be in mood to do it. Agar aap khush hi nahi ho karte hue. But why so - cuz against willingness. I wanna know you first.
	Highest probability she was forced to marry - justifications to father. Her father regular bag of shit but college politics (recall VIT Pune - I will fail him if you don't apologize in written). In absence she could narrate any story. Blowing things outta proportion as revenge of force. Act from which she could never rollback.
	took hand shelter in car, head massage on wedding night, headaches, pullbacks, not talking while journey to golden temple saying that reason is personal.
Logs - Story - brining ashvagandha in house - ppl look for delta in behavior to figure things out. Conform to them and internally one can deviate to hide things.
Logs - Story - mistake of dettol drunk from listerine bottle - worst choice of bottle to put dettol in and taste buds gone. Scary but I would still eat kachori and recall the old taste.
	god's sense of humor and mithai also came in that time from sap and went to haveli as well in that time only.
Logs - Story - principal said he had not sense of taste. Even Christopher Nolan is colorblind.
Logs - Story - wifi access not there so asked and she asked parents for it and hacks I knew to figure but asked it anyway from brother.
Logs - Story - Power of Pain - eth else pales when I faced the trouble at Nangal. Nth worse could happen I thought. What if 7 thinks wrongly - let them I said. After witnessing this what else is remaining to be witnesssed. Thought it won't hurt if car topples. Got solved early is in a sense Krishna's grace.
	Sin of ignoring the social layer. Maybe not a sin on spiritual layer but it is sin on worldly layer. Maybe 3rd class person is shit from karma in metaphysical space but on social or legal front he proved to be smart (or may be not). But if you can't fight or you are lousy person then that's also your fault that you don't know that sport.
Logs - Story - don't forget lapse episodes cuz they are fuels for leveraging.
Logs - Story - make story outta eth like for HIMYM. Make it into a story.
Logs - Story - Jalandhar visit of chachaji - guru se badaa chela. 3 step jump. Relay race. zipline gulmarg. Map of india states, 90 degree triangle, slap him why, stone throw, kho kho, kabaddi winner.
	Jayadev Pr offended when chanted ignoring him but quickly forgave after behaved in nice ways. Devs are awesome.
	Womb to tomb planning - Prahlad school (teacing and campts), Youth (SMY and DYS is common), Girls; YOGA (1 time seminars); Congregation (Cultures and lotus voice); Old age (adavita sabha). After intro courses - standard Bhakti shastri courses, vaibhav, vedanta, saurvabhaum. along with etiquettes seva and all.
Logs - Story - Ladi uncle for social Erp - speak fast to elicit fast behavior. Chay piyoge asked to vendors. 500 inne jaye kamm da? Talking final rate in front of him loudly.
	Ask them what to do as if you would rather do it yourself but need assistance for sake of ease. We respect labor but know its value if I were to do it myself.
	Respect their labor but not blindly. So I am just paying for my own convenience and I value my doing it far more than delegating for a few bucks more.
Logs - Story - chunni in wedding I would keep in hand and won't let go. Girl should be on left she never was. Kept the chunni aside in the car and kept back only for pretension.
Logs - Story - Balram turban binding to kamar at runtime - had got this intuition. Hiranya fall on the head.
Logs - Story - Laptop stand injuring my nails cuz of bad physics. Spilling of tea on the bed.
Logs - Story - Telangana dev who walked barefoot and shared his probs.
Logs - Story - I used to wonder - why silent at conference. Stories observation for novel.
Logs - Story - Anshul - Kidney stone - baat hi kuchh aur hai - hospital but came back to home.
Logs - Story - Shared a pizza with a roommate. And also ordered sabjis and stuffs - getting a hang of getting social. Creating a happy ambience around myself.
Logs - Story - Driving - got reminded of excellent experience while searching for flats - I won't do it otherwise so great experience it was - mix of pleasure and burden of zimmedari.
Logs - Story - used to listen relatable songs in that time - ek wo din bhi the, ek ye din bhi hain. baat ye bhi guzar jaayegi (Hehe).
Logs - Discussion - dinner done, ur name, pet name - ruby, Mohini, you didn't come, will plan, what you do, tell me about saurabh he stays busy what he does - transactional, tell me about urself which city u do job here. Met her. Her qualities - shy, love for family, intel, etc. Agre ka petha, aerial business no pharmacy actually. Ghaziabad 5th class child age 9 daughter and twins 3 years old. Shadi pe ana hai agra, etc. Priorities clear that time to her though new project now and she praising - oh, she was silent well so is the moment. Uncle kaise hain.
Logs - Discussion - 
	Goats are tastier in India. Pork, etc in foreign cuz they take care of their diets. Chicken - foreign bred for meat vs India tastier - the colored birds.
	Licious has taken things ahead. Meat..sth is costly and more on variety.
	Onsite both payments but costly so less savings. Indian meals very costly - 25 Euros for a meal - I charge for ambience - yo yo honey singh and doesn't know hindi.
	New company O9 startup mode still so willing to share a lot. Weekends work is common. Surprising when it's not there. Computer games.
	Friday bear plans but fought a guy then on - friday snacks and booking a hotel only.
	which brand laptop - variety and buffer size. Onsite continuum without which no point in here - changing projects to ones never worked on tech - cuz gotta meet the numbers
	ppl standardize it if you work extra hours - hey you didn't shoot that mail on saturday.
	Going to restaurant asking for regular drink and strange look from waiter.
Logs - Polity - anything new? Fayda hi nahi koi. Expose politics. what do you really want? English communication. Kritika's willingness never was, nor is.
	He speaks his wife's tongue. Give him what he doesn't want - you can't program me.
	Micromanagement - that's oldies do - it's dang boring. Can't take shit.
	I can't stop you from thinking what you want.
	aap maante ho ki aapne hamare saath galat kiya - this is framed question yes or no both get you in trouble - solution - change the frame by counter question, topic change, explanation, talk about question.
Logs - Polity - Hamse bhi baat kar lo. Suna do jo hai sunane ke liye. It's fish in a pond - that's always true.
Logs - Polity - keep adversary in confusion about your true momtives thru distraction.
Logs - Polity - Do not get standardized by 7. No pattern recognition on you - else it becomes a trump card in their hands to invoke a behavior. Be aan active layer - pursue ur end result / vision. If nth else, then others will use you for their ends.
Logs - Polity - tell them what to think. Offence is best defense. let them think about defending so that they don't think about attacking.
Logs - Polity - Chawal mein ghun. Let me wash my hands and doing more stuff than that.
Logs - Polity - my work is intellectual type so can't take shit and am not used to such politics. Maybe your work is also intellectual - plus minus on general ledger isn't easy. I am just telling about myself that there's no need. Equate duniyadari with politics. Ye galiyon waali chapar chapar mujhse nahi hoti aur maine karni bhi nahi hai.
Logs - Polity - You know the reasons and I don't even want to try explaining - it's so dang boring. You are free to think, imagine any stories you want, you have all the time but I have so much to stay busy with stuffs. Problem to hai tujhme - only fools or ignorants (ignorance is bliss) think they are free from problems cuz then they can't get better. But we don't like bitching or bickering Eg - bargaining. I am busy; will get back. Any action can be interpreted. See, you don't want to deal with actual problem, Kritika's unwillingness. EQData - Imagine anything you like cuz of story you wanna tell yourself and others - imagine anything in your mind but as soon as you open up your imaginations in front of us, you will have to face reality. The problem is hochhe hathh katora labya or diamond in monkey's hand so you wanna use it for washing and complain that it doesn't wash well. Why no lights on house - hor twadde kolon krani si, covid time so stay safe. At one point, I wanted to make it work but now, I see no hope of reconciliation - don't want such girl to enter into my life. Accidents happen. In her own words, have I ever shown interest? She perhaps has some affair outside and everything is cover up. Offence is best defence so you want to avoid facing real questions thereby you are choosing ignorance and letting the problem stay with you. Stay respectful cuz ppl say how he speaks but no1 else to listen and they can cook stories. Polity is expressions for common public and chess game for bigger players like chanakya. Why does she complain - her confidential stories she can tell idk perhaps some love affair or lack of exposure or immature - most importantly these are conditionings, habits, sanskars that look for shit like a fly. I told this to them b4 but beyond their scope.
Logs - Polity - light gone - anyone gone, how much time, you have no system so much heat - I also am there with you - yours is no problem what about children, gallan maarda hai. Take config place and reinforce by asking how much time, do it early after light comes. Papa goes to specific shops - having specific vendor has advantages but do not lose ur freedom.
Logs - Polity - he doesn't talk - check my call logs and whatsapp in past and you will know. Impotence check my medical report - if gay, I have right for that, if I were. Talking about your Veggies purchase, etc isn't talking - apna hi sunate rehna isn't discussion - discussion is mutual but she doesn't let you speak so you accomodate them to let speak and then she says I was the only one who spoke - you didn't let me. She lacks curiosity to know about me - she never asks and then you start telling something on your own, only to be preempted or show disinterest as if you have a bf and didn't want to marry - how can you open up. Whole walkway you talk over phone and disturb me thus and I seek answers then no response. Good morning no response - how can you talk. But still I talked about my past experiences, some anecdotes of life but none after nangal cuz I can't tolerate hypocrisy, pretenders. When all I say to her goes to her parents in negative spin like being talkative bad-bad cuz of her friends she wants talkative guy, I won't like talking to her; one who disrespects your family and I never wanna be with her ever. I generally don't make lots of wishes from God but here I do that I should stay away from such people. She is very shatir person I don't like to be around. She deceived me, my family - happy face here and sad there that you couldn't tell I was unhappy, her own family getting married and then telling them otherwise in 2 days - perhaps she had a love affair going, don't breed this snake. Hand kiss and doesn't even look in my direction - who is disinterested which she admitted in her own words. She couldn't even bera my touch, would escape to sofa with face on hand that she couldn't do it. I said ok we won't do it but I can't sleep alone without you. If you are awake, I will stay awake and I did. Even massaged her once when she had headache on suhagrat day. She couldn't change clothes in front of me, but I did. Excuse on suhagrat I have changed my clothes now - it's ok if you don't want - I can't force anything on you - we are together. Her disinterest - I show my college she won't even see, unlike me enjoying to see her family on lady sangeet. In 1-2 days I had started telling myself that I didn't deserve this. My declaration on social media is proof of my interest but she never did - you tell who is not interested. I even told her - it's ok if you don't show love cuz can only be given not demanded and gradually it will grow.
Logs - Polity - politician is a guy who never opens his cards. Who is the one whom none suspects and is e1's apple of eye - trustworthy but not to be messed with.
Logs - Polity - trigger hankering without offering - claims there's a lot I have to say but leave it - why - fayda nahi koi. Fear of unknown - show 1 card to invoke a behaviour - I know that police guy so we got good friendship. You know about my notes making or diary writing so trust me when I say she isn't fit for me.
Logs - Polity - IQ - can you ping the path in chat - basically implicitly saying that once you know it, you can start filling it.
Logs - Polity - Needy haigi hai unne kar hi laina hai - baad mein keh do nahi mandi.
	Tussi aap vekho - talk about troubles she has to endure in order to perform a task for you - you obviously won't give extra for that effort so why not.
Logs - Polity - Stories for expectations. Excuses for why Sunday not possible, why leaving on time. Giving constraints. Reasons enough to support a narrative.
Logs - Polity - Chappal pehnana. My appa saw me paying - well the probability if this is very less so "I call it bluff" but nothing wrong there - we don't want them to be island but well connected so that things can be best addressed.
Logs - Polity  postponement  kar dete hain. Implicit bombardment and sparks of denial that other should spend.
Logs - Polity - See how I have come and adjusted seamlessly - and also how they have accepted you as member of family - like Nangal - definitely. The statement you have made are all opportunities to be leveraged to give a narrative for self worth (can be inflated one - saar wahi par bhaar khas).
Logs - Polity - My battery is low, call you later.
Logs - Polity - Kritika - I will fall down let me be under fan or ac - this is seeking empathy - ensuring the leverage or impact for the action.
Logs - Polity - Meri problem laga lo I don't wanna go out. 2 alternatives you can think of - constrain the other person. Return, Replace, anything I am ok with.
Logs - Polity - ordered and cancelled - well can't cancel, can return it or refuse it - return not allowed without defect so refusal becomes only rescue.
Logs - Polity - over Song singing - end early and let people crave for more. Don't agree on first request and decrease the stakes, reduce expectations thru  no Riaz, etc and then powerful punch. Home erp - songs for fun. Amazon service-provider drove back.
Logs - Polity - surprise with results and not checkpoint results.
Logs - Polity - Don't admit your shortcomings out in open. Political correctness can't be compromised. Say you have misplaced your ring, and informing someone can help you find it but can also act against you. In this case, to follow up for ring, he came back if it was found and fortunately for myself and for him, it was but the message is clear. For myself, either don't wear or wear with guarantee.
Logs - Polity - AC turn off that it's cold in here - escalate it to real stake holders that you are feeling hot and it should be ok to turn it on.
	Events also become raw material for further discussions it's a graph or tree that keeps on spreading.
	Solitude, AC required for good quality work. Not working in relaxed state. High maintenance of current config => proposal for config change becomes desirable.
	Polity by config - if that's how things are, you gotta accept them. Eg - If AC is off you can't use it as an argument.
Logs - Polity - I have kept charger next to device.
Logs - Polity - bombarding this again and again that you are not chill in life and worry over needless things. That's a narrative right there. Oh bhai, ham log na bade chill rehne waale log hain, ham nahi tension lete thode kite.
Logs - Polity - EQ Power - when you don't have to answer in real time but still you honor them. Or postpone, I will tell you in few mins. Making expectations clear and this ain't cool - micromanaging.
Logs - Polity - Oh te nahi dasseya hona kritika ne ki mein sar kutteya si. Ohde kehn te main consummate nahi kita, oh vi nahi dasseya hona (smirking). Praise karne se manaa kiya hai, apni praise hi kar do. See, saddi koi personal life hai hi nahi - sariyan gallan table te - who is mama's girl you tell me and you allege me. Mein bas bitching karta nahi - problem to hai kahin aur. Par ham kadwa ghoont pee rahe the aur abhi bhi pee rahe hain - vachan jo liya hai.
Logs - Polity - Oh yaar ye sab badi chhoti chhoti cheezen hoti hain. Ab shopping karke kapde laana koi rocket science nahi hai, 10 mins ka khel hai saara. [Difficult hota hai district top karna naki kirane se chaval kharid ke lana]. O itna negative na socha karo (reinforcing what they are) - sab badhiya hai.
	of course, ashram mein varna success utna count nahi karti but you are not politically fool to point that out.
Logs - Polity - don't be a silent spectator of others' politics. Defending it is 1 thing, Defending with an offence is another. Independent offence is the third. And taking firm stand on architecturally what do you want to see and talk about it like mature person is another.
Logs - Polity - ab appa ko dekh lo fizul baat hi nahi karte, sab matlab ki baat karte hain, jisme dam ho. Do din se aaya hoon - maine nahi dekha ek bhi bekar baat karte hue. To we need to accept people for what they are; can't say no you are wrong - I love appa for what he is - direction hi change kar di argument ki - pivoting the target with somebody's appreciation.
Logs - Polity - Appa I was waiting for your call - I was so angry. Casting big shadow from a small thing. Response - kyun nahi kya main aapka apna bacha nahi? Mujhe to achha nahi lagaa ye sunkar - change the direction.
Logs - Polity - Apni observations ko politically correct tarike se communicate karte raho like insecurities they have, we went out of the way to make her feel comfortable - gotta give eg here and you don't but that's head on fighting so play it with intelligence - or can speak at facade level that I don't do bickering or bitching for discomforts that I feel.
	See, generally duniya mein log chhoti soch waale hote hain instead of saying you are one of them.
Logs - Polity - Important to remember your image is also important so you don't play serious player but a fun loving player who talks very intelligent statements.
Logs - Polity - people are telling her why have you become like murjhaya phool - yes I am also affected in my work but that's not the point, the thing is we need to improve.
Logs - Polity - galti ho gayi ki aapse rishta hua - see, galti to hamse bhi hui hai but ab solution dhoondni chahiye naaki problem. Mein bhi shuru se pareshan hi rahaa hoon. Koi utsaah nahi hai, umang nahi hai. Koi baat nahi, sawaalon ke jawaab nahi. Koi future ka planning nahi, kuchh nahi par mein bitching nahi karta.
Logs - Polity - ab tune hi dekhna hai - hamne dekhna hai appa, ek chana to bhad nahi phod sakta, taali ek haath se to baj nahi sakti. Jab tak Kritika ka attitude sahi nahi hota, it's difficult.
Logs - Polity - Call me every day in evening to gimme reports - O ji tension hi koi na; mera miss ho gaya aap call kar lena mein bhi aapka hi beta hoon.
Logs - Polity - why she didn't call mama yesterday - to give you taste of your medicine - is badle ki bhavna se rishte to nahi chalte na. But I forgive her like I do every time.
Logs - Polity - what we are (ego or status wise - every member respectively) and what we have done is much more than them but first gotta remember it all and need to play those cards right not like an idiot. In general, like other things, with every stage performance you improve and learn from it. Stage performance can have some back stage efforts but on the stage you don't play around or try something new - you be spontaneous and let the ritualistic practice take over from the learnings of the past and that's how things keep on improving.
Logs - Polity - aap unko ghero, mera nature to change ho jaayega, uska willingness kahaan se aayega, she said it to me personally. Marriage kyun karvate hain - still have an answer. Desperation bahut kuchh karvati hai but probability of it repeating is very less. Close ended answers for a statement that don't wanna talk. Once you start playing the game you get good at it. He doesn't wanna talk about it. Changes the topic. I have been tensed - I want manthan and wanna focus on work that needed attention also interview - behti ganga mein haath dhona. Aapne mein rehta hai - depressed hai. Your intent should be clear to give a narrative. Talking in depressed tone.
Logs - Polity - tu kyun sun leta hai - even ham jo bol rahe hain - cuz I think it doesn't matter. Comparing bros. Strategy of only listening and not giving them raw material for fight - that's called high flight - deciding the game rather than playing it. Give a narrative or message - don't say it though that you ain't changing - that's enough. Indefinite postponement for their trigger and less enthu urslf. You don't mess with people in their territory. Calling them can legally become harassment so refrain. Marriage registration more serious - at least they ain't evil cuz legal system is against men so good that legally we ain't married, heck not even consummated - this also proves that they ain't rascals or evil. It was a mistake so why increase the mistake or 1 thappad will get 10 back - you were there, no calls to mummy and still none and you expect from me (don't say it like that though) - I need a break and change my focus for a while away from disturbance and distractions, ye ghav kaise bharenge - kaante kaise nikalenge. No response from her - ye kaise badlega or kyun. Don't change dp - that's a message to them and also a social message - baad mein door ki girlfriend thi. Don't reply to messages so don't read them else read and no reply ain't good.
Logs - Polity - some silly question - micromanage the answer like Venkat SCM. Ye pataa hai kaise kaam karta hai  tubeless tyre nahi hai kya - uska kya funda hai ki
Logs - Polity - Aapne grow kiya na is episode se - aur kya chahiye.
Logs - Polity - Effort doesn't respond then why new effort.
Logs - Polity - Koi manager hai to apne effort ki vajah se hai - khushamad karke? still he has a talent that you don't - the talent which matters. So, if someone is superior, that superiority is for a reason.
Logs - Polity - even adults are children. Question them and challenge them thru questions and logics. Regards for them to start with was ok - challenge them with thought provoking questions. Regards doesn't mean you won't face questions. So, I should have raised strong questions even before.
Logs - Polity - Syami smart move - Legally make your case already stronger - consult psychologist as a proof - anyways helpful and ghayal sher can't be trusted. This makes your narrative or case stronger.
Logs - Polity - Drawing lines to make a person behave in a certain way - think of 2 concentric circles within which a person can draw a line of your choice 
	what is legal system for eg - it draws your boundaries and social approvals and disapprovals also do the same.
	Before all this physical world creates boundaries for us; eg we can't fly.
	Socially these lines can be drawn thru requests, disapprovals / approvals, rewarding / punishment, fights over, conflicts (verbal, physical, etc), fear of power (you cross the fence and sth bad - mujhse bura koi na hoga), fear of system - FDDL can help create these boundaries - ultimately being the controller of the realm (feeling of being an ishwar).
Logs - Polity and EQData - shift blame. She went without mask - whenever you ask I have extra to give you, why you didn't carry.
Logs - Polity - Egotistical people become enemies when opposed, don't force reality when illusion attachment exists - Haan mein Haan. Self respect follows other's respect. It means sometimes losing out on somethings but no compromise on priorities. 7 saying he can be convinced by me. Halua hai kya - if not worthy, then don't agree on it.
Logs - Polity - Panja ladana is also about test of tiring the other person.
Logs - Polity - Ki kuchh jhooth keha hai enumerate them all then I will respond. You create the frame. Assi taan guna vekhide ne - faults finding does not give good future. Now let me complete, I didn't stop you when you spoke. O sun taan lo, gall dun taan lo. You don't let me speak - how can I continue - I speak and you interrupt, how to speak. You were agitated, so gave you time to relax. Jaan tussi bol lau jaan mein. Wavelength da fark honda hai. Didn't call that you get peaceful. If not you, then whom to contact. No bad conception, pyaar hi hai, koi galat khayal te aya nahi. You must have forgotten what I said, but I remember. Communication gap hai, otherwise koi aisi gall nahi hai. Sometimes, time is the answer. Haha, kediyan gallan kari jaande je - aa kin gallan cha paye hoye je - chappal Aidan, jutti Aidan - koi solid point ho to dasso we can rectify it. Main keda lavs use karaan ki tvannu changa lagge. Life da savaal hai - sun ta lo yaar - gall te koi vi nahi hai. Phone nahi kitta - kinni varaan phone kariye dasso. Pichhe nahi, o te agge nikal gya hai. Course join kitta hoya hai - I said lage raho. Yaar sun taan lo - suni taan hai nahi - vaaj aa rahi hai meri. My elder brother in Jalandhar undergone treatment. "Dekh Rang kya hai tera mere aage. He already said can't come so take my blessings." Containment zone chachaji. 82 years jija - I should not call him. Tauji she already saw. #kanyadaan karke itna picky nahi hote. Culture te maharaj, Punjab da ekko hi hai. Nahi, gall nahi mandi. Tussi dil di gall kitti so I responded, else not into that. Tussi dasso - visible differences, ki show kariye - o yaar, dasso taan sahi. #aunty speaks more than you, so that's no point. Gall karke hi dass sakda hain. I have answered all your questions you raised, narrative giving and other things I will check - senti hoke jeevan nahi katda; twaddi beti hai, saddi ghar di izzat hai which is dearer than life. Mein ki report karna hai, dasso zaraa professor (prof hi bane hoye je)- micromanage response. Apne dimag ca tussi - I said I would come next you said. Children matters should be left to children. Kritika if close ask her how much interference in their life - present examples to present expectations. Sun lao, sun lao prof sahab, o sun lao yaar, bolan ho nahi dende. Inna gallan ch kuchh nahi pya. I verify then accept. Everything isn't tathastu for me - clarify with kulbeer. #can you sense sheer unwillingness even from their family side. #argue for sake of it - koi nahi. Sun taan lo, you raise questions, but don't listen answers that's complaint. But if you know answer, then why I should speak. You raise questions and apne matlab da jawab labb lende je. Agitated mind naal mein ki gall karaan, you will find a meaning already. It's your language not mine. Meri sun taan lo guruji. Prof sahab, shanti. Jo vi gall hove assi solution find kar sakde Haan. Sadde mann cha nothing like that - we have been busy all this while. Tussi gall kar layi hai, I liked it. Tussi kaho mein phone kar daanga. Roughly bol rahe je ki gall, gussa shant nahi hoya. You just say rakh lao, mein te rakh liya. I don't give lots of air to their words. Koi weakness hove taan assi dur karidi hai. You are a prof, you have studs, this is nothing. Let me talk to the girl. Chhoti baat ko uda dete hain. Small things uda do. Positive ikatthe karo aur aage badho, you are intel. You are not fizul for him. Very important for him. Hadd ke gall karo, koi aisi baat nahi. Kisse vele na koi point. Bank mein pataa nahin phone uthate ki nahi. I will tell her. Phone aayega - inki galti hai, I will tell him and he will call. Koi aisi baat nahi hai. Sun liya hai, koi galti hai, to I will rectify. #repository of all favors given and  he will contact her. #Dasso - tussi chande ki je. Kritika naal gall ho gayi hai, hun bache di gall mein na sunda - man di gal kar rahi hai - these are my children - if prob, I solve. Aa gall taan sun ke hi hai, we solve the probs. Can call she says in bank. Oye, Theek hai theek hai ji. Koi aisi gal nahi. Bitiya naal ai gall hoyi hai aa inne keha. My simple funda is problem exists then solve it. Will call this weekend if she is free. Good morning hi bhejna band kar taa - change gusse je. Bacche kayi kuchh kende je - magar thode lagna hai. Darde hi nahi kitta phone - Inna gussa chadeya hai - if not then I will see if you wish good morning - khush raho. !only non agitated guy was that young lad, Abhinav. Papa very smart. Busy from 9 to 7 - itself reveals ill intent. Munda Nikki Nikki gall mama naal puchhda hai - tvadi list mukkedi taan mein bolanga. Apni maa naal share nahi karida - ulta chor kotvaal ko. But she cried when saying 1 house left and another not accepted - then I will live like this only - sobs sounded genuine. You took him with you - recall my exact words when coming to take Saurabh. Diva leke nahi labna - saddi vi te - gall dassan sare parents nu apne bache vadiya hi lagde ne. Jutti - I told her to buy new one - assi koi important talk kariye worth talking hai. Downplayed you also didn't good morning. Gall ki karde kritika vare - you were agitated - we knew ur answer - inne guni gyani je then why I waste my energy. Nahi tussi bolo. Na mein is ghar ki rahi hoon, na uski - mama papa tension mein hain - mere mama papa kab se pareshan hai - #tere karke hi ne puade di jad. I am earning - will stay alone and sobs - good we talked to her she had opened up. Communication gap to bana hi hai - you don't understand him and vv. Mama didn't say anything at Nangal - that I will deal with her later. Deriving your own meaning and didn't eat properly - minor observations and story making how vahiyaad. Cultural differences - that we are uncultured. #good you spoke it yourself. Papa has such high flight. Madam we tvadde naal gall kardi honi hai - sun lao, magar nahi lagida - kanna da kacha nahi haiga. #Talks as if noob challenging his papa - bhai you think you have something, mein tera baap hoon. Surt aa gayi, hosh tikane, parvah hi nahi maari. No phone.
Logs - Polity - change direction of narrative - tu mere kaabil ban. Hai kya tu khud soch!? This is fact and should also be explicit. Beta willingness. Don't allow beaks poking. Maine punjabi sikhi but we speak in hindi so for whom; if for them, they are comfortable with hindi you better do it for bank - downplay as it should be. Log your favors - very important - comedy canvas, car favor, headache massage, shopping at asr. Shopping pe papa mama saath kyun the - first question the frame itself, why are you uncomfortable with them; they went cuz they love you. Talk like adult if you wanna share something or make your expectations clear, do that else kab tak kudh karke jiyoge if you ain't happy. Aise faltu mein pareshan nahi hote, accha I will callback I have something to attend to. Waise bade saste kaam hain GL account, balance sheet - ye kya maths hai but don't say that cuz of ego.
Logs - Polity - What she did on crying was playing victim card. You didn't wish good morning after I called informing we reached, so you should have, downplay this in shor - common tactic of mirror attack. Pattern recognition - observe that you fear that should not happen but you make mistakes and then want nothing should happen cuz I am demanding (don't say). You are messing things up not helping.
Logs - Polity - Offence - respond with offence. Where were you for 1 month - where were you - instead of justify - respond offence with back attack instead of becoming defensive. This is common political tactic of offence is best defence. 
Logs - Polity - Nangal - once they decided they gotta break the relp, they started finding faults ew and theorizing every smallest observation negatively. Every event is a tool in your hand.
	Papa reinforcing them with an idea, I have always been kind to you while talking and the idea gets embedded in their mind.
	Once you accepted some mistake or showed a gesture like holding their shoulders that's a tool in their hand.
Logs - Polity - every incident is a candidate for a narrative of your choice - I called him the other day and he said...blah
	Ask the question as if pressuring other person to admit something in fun 
		you are fine, right? (Default response can be a problem) - no I am not - Yeah, I know you are not but what happened - is there anything important? - (he can say yes but that's another narrative (terrible for him) I can shape)
Logs - Polity
	I solved it early but got extra time to do other things - I am 1 step ahead.
	I never made a problem - never let it surface. if it surfaces I didn't do it.
Logs - Polity - art of sycophancy - not visible but good impression like compliment for looks or clothes so natural to have bias. Even praise from students to teacher what does that do!? No blind yes man - tactical and if disapproval then yes after 10 statements and maybe raise a concern once in a while.
Logs - Polity - my lack of tolerance for Polity but I still bought her stuffs. Tried talking like dog, settling her even when I was not wrong, tolerate, not me but others thru their experience, coincided with my experience and so vast gamut of experience that there's no question of guilt but it's still lapse at personal ERP level. If she was interested in another man already, I didn't prove to be a better competitor so gotta do some homework.
Logs - Polity - favor small and then want a gift for it. Chaldi machine so Changing tyres with Jack and so many suggestions, no food consumed cuz contracts. Status update - plz sleep don't wait. IMS ghaziabad.
Logs - Polity - Keeping or sticking with your narrative - change the story to suit yourself.
	twadi dekhrekh cha hi hai - victimize 7 with reason.
	Watering in night - done - do you ever come that early.
Logs - Polity - Gimme money I lent you - hun bass wi karo inna vi lalaci ki hove banda. Oho, lelo fer (gesture of movement but still continue with your work) 
	and in the end, take it, we don't want your money. 
	Observe that such small exchanges can be done for fun also - polity doesn't have to be serious, it can be fun.
Logs - Polity - praise of thing directed to person. Self beliefs talked about. Titbit talks culminating into sth - like I gotta drive you back.
Logs - Polity - Delegation - vekhin yaar. Reason it away with confidence. Already start doing it, not asking - like mama taking leaves, putting hands forward for sanitizing for gaining entry. Climb on the person targeting weakness or if doesn't work, then say that targetted person misunderstood and start behaving with humble attitude. But why so unprofessionalism at Punjab. Remember iqgrat stories and repeat them over eg see blanket taking helped so much. Change story every time even apparently with intent to impress ideal world to the person's mind eg we have been waiting for you. Micromanagement is also a skill useful for controlling the outcomes - just that it ain't pleasant - it also gives good impression like saying why don't you do it this way. Repeat over what's intended to be impressed. Was it our mistake to have chosen supposed best hospital!? - such words have powerful impact. Syami you call jiju and proposal of coming - papa should call, our regular visits. Don't highlight Jalandhar trip that's against us, Lawrence road highlight is in our favor. Too much bickering then person comes in limelight.
Logs - Polity - propose an impression already and let the person clarify - mukar jao plucker kitthe hai. Saurabh ne kitta hona hai. Tera package te 15 to vadd hi hona hai.
Logs - Polity - Excellent strategy - first you give expenses and then we will give - effective communication so that we can decide accordingly and are not setting up the motion.
	why the heck worry for few 1000s when each child earns > lakhs per month. TME wasted costs us more.
Logs - Polity - things gotta be quantised 0 or 1. can't keep in middle like Nangal - they wanted their money back and have an exit of extra mbills for money and once that closes they had to use courts. Fortunate else more money would have been spent given our nature.
Logs - Story - sui in patt sanskrit teacher, came out from pus later, kil went inside students mouth don't hide but take bananas from hospital; kil in foot.
	Students aflatoon bending fans - principal fined for the school - so can't get away from reactions - principal must have scolded but can't blacklist and that's all.
	Girls using swearing words in national camp - in charge called and reprimanded just like my Gulmarg trip.
	Professor beaten randomly by college students in recruitment camp.
	Class disturbance in vit pune - tell me specifically who you get disturbed by, tell in person - I will take care.
Logs - Story - Marriott hotel with bhaji - mutual party giving - Indian and oriental food - Singapore chowmin - in order for both of us to enjoy everything.
Logs - Story - Extremes - ear problems, skin itch and tongue no taste, smell in cold and eyes when tataiya bit.
Logs - Story - Reorg at BYD again - high ups. You stay with company you become like the seniors.
    Manager needs to be reminded of duties - like induction, exit interview, etc.
Logs - Story - Flexben clears after so many follow ups. HR channelled also.
    IDV negotiation. Car petrol fill and tyre inflation.
Logs - Story - We had VOIP on every workstation in Infy - those days. For talking to IT colleagues any time - this was besides Communicator.
Logs - Story - Our director changes - fortunate to have Prof Sadagopan as our director - he was friend of Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
    called for meeting and expressed his memories and then urged us to work extra on his demise day.
    Talking to him once would fill us with inspiration for working hard.
    Senior said that on his graduation day - the chief guest said I would rather work in his toilet - he is that kinda person.
Logs - Story - Udhampur Train jump. Missing train bombay. Drop from bus.
Logs - Talk to roomies about car.
Logs - Trayambakeshvar - 1 of many jyotirlingas I have visited.
Logs - Story - Siemens Joke - BV is missing.
Logs - Story - I chanted a round in front of prasadam plate.
Logs - Story - Tell cab driver in kochi to come and collect us from next beach - 50% rent is worth a try and it worked.
Logs - Story - tried bounce in Bangalore. Also tried Yulu bikes - without risk we can't standardize something potentially useful.
Logs - Story - car insurance - parked car inside was taken out thru maneuvering and luckily guard had no problem else without sticker it could be.
    Learning the insurance intricacies when needed - call and have questions ready.
Logs - Story - Car parking inside society; 50% rent reduction in covid - inspiration from friends who did many months back.
    psychologists consultation tryst, bounce, etc.
    why car wobbled (syami once driving and bad driving from others; I cuz steering wheel changed angular position)
    Sticker for prestige so he paused - waiting is unfavorable so leave eftsoon.
    favorable situ - evening, back gate, story prep - forgot cleaning the car and prestige sticker. Air pump.
Logs - Story - COVID so huge demand - SAP ally medibuddy funds must have fallen short and so ate up wfh allowance by merging it with next year.
Logs - Story - I took part in stage presentation cuz my VOICE colleague wanted a partner
    My psychological reasons why dictatorship ain't good which I made at runtime inspired by SQ training - 4 defects.
    Showed appreciative expressions on the my teacher who was the judge. I stayed happy with that much reciprocation.
Logs - Story - Why that lapse - she chose to leave and I complied cuz soul is free. Offensive behavior especially for related love objects is far more serious.
    of course, that it's a bad bet (at all the layers) - this is noteworthy point b4 proceeds but anyways.
Logs - Story - crows attacks in Hinjewadi and eagles in Bangalore.
	Bibwewadi crows.
Logs - Story - jiju SocialErp - No initiative - ownership for completeness - as if onus is on me - forgot basement number and location - problem solving thru unlock from distance, roads not known, why use escalator when gotta go to basement from 5th floor, ask from ppl about location, practicals - they recover money if ur children break it so already be mindful.
	Hand cleaning cuz he touches money.
	Letting the guest pay cuz already in queue - at least give your card to him.
	Dream oon in office colleagues - cfnm with so called wife.
	Cmnf never.
	Exercises.
Logs - Story - HomeErp - used choke mechanism to start the bike - it now needs some speed.
	Battery down? Yes cuz lights were dim but Kickstarter doesn't need battery.
	Self start still not working.
	So, battery issue could still be there.
Logs - SAP Bangalore Visit - virus sanitizer disinfectant, burning hrs, switching cycles, hard drive fitted into another not possible cuz encrypted with motherboard, 2 rooms, connectors external - in front only gdpr, even that's not allowed, no glasses but coffee vending machine, data backup pd, cloud one drive, company level expertise, 200 standby per site blr5 eg, os install and sap softwares on top from ethernet - admin rights!? Configuration software for certificate for SSO.
	Wipes.
	Meat of Lamb - mountain, foreign then up.
Logs - life logs - rescheduled psychologist meeting.
Logs - Story - cochin Kerala - Radisson stay - 3k, 3.5k fir each night.
	Food 2k and car 3k - based on past experience that they have car for travel - luggage locker for free - just ask.
Logs - story - forgot all pocket stuffs at home and left for airport but realised it in 10 mins so didn't become a big issue but this is nasty man.
	Solution - standardization and do things well in advance to avoid last minute rush.
	Another is after every checkpoint - are the high-level picture and reinforce.
Logs - trip to sadda pind - Chhajar, bioscope, maut ka kuan.
	Baazigar.
	Adventure sports.
	Conference for swiggy - Birthday chocolate bar.
Logs - Story - Mama's friend's child asked money from wife earns like a lot - adult conversation.
	I don't need it but what do you work for if you ain't available, stop it - commitment to relp.
	Asked managers about money problems and location problems and doubled the package so be open.
Logs - bauji was sarpanch, would give money to jatts children who would not have it from their parents that you don't need studies.
	But never kept money fatherly figure observing that they got books would ask and pay to bauji.
	His children now call papa as our sahukar so give petrol first.
	Dahi and indigestion gas - kapalbhati came to rescue that mama said.
	Once during terrorism they had to approach doctor cuz of diarrhoea at 2 am.
	Syami arm dislocated 10 pm once heard that babaji knew the massage art and immediately cured - once heard helps.
Logs - Pushkar mamaji - child taken from school.
	Bring her also - she didn't - basic humanity is lacking st.
	He went to see her and she was asked to leave for that time.
	Gotta reciprocate but proportional - so don't change scale - 1k with 1.1k is ok but 10k ain't ok and also others see and also the obligation it brings.
	Should take initiative but if initiative not reciprocated then ppl stop.
	Buy some time always like you borrowed money from me - take it but realised it was not taken at all cuz found it.
	Many maids take advantage of this that you forget after giving.
Logs - Story - in childhood cca, anchoring, declamation, essay writing, painting, fawda agriculture, music learning, scout and guide, city March with slogans, tree awareness campaign, morning commander, dance, sing, skits, fillers, poem recitation, etc.
Logs - Story - SQ - dirty dhoti kurta give a gift - smart choice to gift to RSP.
	He is my old friend.
	I didn't like peacock voice compared to cat.
Logs - Story - SQ - waiting for Krishna mercy cuz wouldn't go to New unknown place in mumbai.
Logs - expressionless emoji from Jiju that of course it would be great with you also.
	And he is true also.
	CRM be so good that it is fortunate to associate with you.
	You are the best bet.
	EQ insights - All prominent lapse convey that not the best bet.
	Is it theoretical possibility for me to have excellent networking.
	Solution is to first actually care.
	Obviously no business transaction possible but can plan lots of ashram fun together.
	Impedance mismatch is inevitable but let's focus on common to make it interesting - see syami makes e1 as ally.
	You can fight with e1 in world cuz of impedance mismatch but talent is to see win win everywhere.
	People are not shitbags - impedance mismatch makes it appear so.
Logs - agitation - expressionless face from one I should have a good relationship with.
Logs - Rajasthan trip - Marbles mountain, color producing trees flowers, zinc, silver, lead, sulphuric acid factory.
	Adhrit excited by cow, street snacks delicious - samosa, tasty tea, didi crocodile amusement, never forgets a thing told once - memory, retention, grasping power.
	Synthesis way of learning life - kids way of cartoon dedicated channels with syllabus.
	Mevad east, marvad west - desert area, 2 more - Shikhavat, hadoti besides marvad, mevad.
	Enough rain.
	Autumn so no leaves on mountains but spring brings leaves.
	Farms but extra money thru driving.
	Are you veg? Syami very responsible - first pdf modified then camera is off pls follow up with ppl.
	Joke - groundnut with covering Calling others fools.
	Adhrit getting under table, order order, songs, telephone, remote throwing.
	Full plate powerful.
	Jumping, crawl competition.Jokes - saurabh ne zoom karke buffalo ki photos or leni hai.
	Log puchhenge ye kiski mama khadi hain.
	Kumbalgarh chorus and adhrit dancing.
	Kila bana diya electricity connection dena bhool gaye.
Logs - Rajasthan trip - Elephant food offering in south, camel, horse ride.
	Nathdvara - Shrinath ji old place gupta place not for all, laddu gopal, pushti marg of seva, yamuna ji darshan; haldi ghati, Kumbhalgarh light and sound show vs Akshardham, Udaipur fort, Lake palace aka made during drought - opportunity in adversity.
	On rent by Taj very costly.
	Another place where Shahjahan given shelter.
	Inner chamber helps but didn't get darshan but he took darshan and can't underestimate gupta darshan.
	A well of ghee - donation used for Goshala.
	Vallabhacharya very important for pushti marg.
	Club Mahindra - resort cultural presentation - beautiful sarangi, singing, dholak and ghoomar dance while we got a news.
	What a story of being False Positive for covid - always in the edge bit opportunity in adversity.
Logs - Rajasthan trip - Jagmandir, prem ratan dhan payo, sar fod darvaza, why Indians and dogs not allowed cuz stolen.
	Shelter for Shahjahan for Taj inspired.
	Holi, donation pool, 13 kg barchha, secret passage for queen, make up drier, Udaipur booked by mavani, higher king, higher palace for kings number system for queen, dancing hall, 1600 queens and palace.
	No fountain king ain't here.
	Dancing hall, wine and women so lost.
	Mahila sangeet, rent available.
	Non-veg, 35 kg suit not 80.
	So basically shor they trapped us into.
	Like hibiscus story - what's wrong did I hurt your rights.
	Never going out and when you had FP, you moving across states.
	Kumbha Defeated Khilji for shelter 2 times.
	Killed by relative.
	Son sacrificed for king.
	Baba sacrificed himself for garh to durga devi.
	Maharana Pratap.
Logs - adhrit agitated by darkness - ok, I will leave with him.
	No I will - ok (foolish).
	No lassi - you force me.
	2nd longest wall after China - never conquered.
	Maan Singh agitated.
Logs - 800 Rs from residents once more - who the hell is devilaal - we don't carry money with us.
	That's not what we have taken membership for.
	Don't give away money immediately, always postpone if possible.
	Give away extra money for milk favor from a supplier delivery guy - street smart.
Logs - Story - Giving an order and leaving since something urgent comes up - courtesy to inform the supplier before you leave.
Logs - Story - I told her - if you think it is going fast - we can take time and then proceed instead of acting in haste. 
    I told my sister - being trained in spirituality, my concepts are very clear - that differences are bound to be there. But gotta marry anyways.
    So from my end I was accomodating and circumstances were arranged in favor of giving me exits to act in favorable ways.
    So if I did my exits aptly then whatever framework brings outside of my scope has to be accepted as karma.
Logs - Story - chal pajj itthon - obviously that won't work cuz first rule of polity is stagify your action plan. Don't give worst in first go.
Logs - Story - when in our school story telling from all teachers started.
    When in udhampur Principal used to invite people to give presentations of different types - magicians, astrologers and what not.
    CCA parts of curriculum - music, gardening, p ainting, etc.
Logs - Story - Papaji tension and CSF leakage from head collision - mirgi - teeth crushed the finger. Hospital - honest doctor no treatment you better take him to PGI. Homeopathy cured him.
Logs - Story - It was day 69 of the streak and it was difficult after kesar and NF - brainstormed the goals of PIES, still not enough. Temple of iron for stability for some time. Then a long walk - 7.25 Km. Solved.
Logs - Agitations
    Bad logistics - public using an area for garbage disposal.
    Garbage songs on weekends
    Getting angry over value judgments on some temple managements.
    Can't take shit of a tool not working - although it is just a proof of lack of alignment. Maven shade plugin not working as promised causing a big bang failure.
    Fear of anticipated pressures - being forced to act right - seeing opportunity as restriction on freedom. 
        Relatives gonna come and work is stuck somewhere and I must deliver the best personal expectation - fear of falling short. So escapsim with manifest AN.
Logs - Story - Mama papa mediators neighbor jatts in the rowhouse.
    Dog no bark and no bite just standing in face of 10 attack modes dogs and no messing around. Even his master - what a spirit.
    Home Lakshmi Mama - Business went down with globalization and loan load - removed, partners who wanted to withdraw paid back.
    Bauji's father had landholding - which divided among the children
    Chachaji very assertive about his room swapped with vheli house - which they didn't like.
    Papa spent a lot on chachaji room and willingly handed all the rooms to elder brother as well. That's love.
    Jass got lots of money by taking some lands on his name and 50% of factory land but with some profits, conflict of water bambi came.
Logs - Story - how powerful your other ERP become with good SRM. Like teaching courses online for child or Healthify Me - Surabhi Didi does this wonderfully.
    Even Syami orders whatever must be ordered.
Logs - Lots of lessons for foundations behavior and even others.
    Syami praised for his funny mood unlike others being serious. Let's enjoy seriousness. Yes we gotta make most of what's there.
        This is still a good choice to by default be doer or solver for a project and st spice it up for fun 
        while this is true - it is always possible to seek more fun in every given situation with practice.
        So, we gotta associate with right people for subconscious training and for conscious just deliberate a little over what amuses you.
    Agitated by manhandling phone snatched - spoke my ATM pin loudly which I generally don't do.
    People are artificial - yes eth is beyond binary but you gotta take 1 stand at a time with confidence. So, never negate your statement especially immediately.
    Head Doctor at Ranjeet Avenue - to be pursuaded in your interest
        People can be talked into agreement - pleading to consider your case, we are willing to pay more; our plight we have already travelled thru so many hospital and we came here with great hope.
    She tells alternatives - tell why approaching you was the best bet; start telling your story which makes your case stronger - after investing into your story probability of yes grows.
    Hospital visit and wait at reception
        Ew we gotta put pressure on people for them to behave at their best in terms of time, their duties or efforts - how much time will it take; follow ups - Sir our job is very small; start explaining your case.
    Check with hotel to guide you regarding airport behavior on covid proofs. And they did offer useful insight of soft copy - gmail from testers or hospital or photo to be sent, etc. Id generated national check online.
    Agitating situation becomes more agitating when people are not united and are busy proving that they are better than others or 7 is shit.
    Papa is best at tolerating things over impedance mismatch - we gotta do our duties and even when there isn't proper reciprocation we gotta still do the duty and not backout. Papa is exemplary in some ways at tolerating undesirable situations.
    Compassion for the car driver lady who could not maneuver her car while parking - no issues I parked it where possible for me.
    Adhrit - introduce as many nouns and verbs as possible - amuse yourself if you were his age with all the help from quora and so - how will you enjoy and learn more at his age.
        becoming like a dog trying to bite his fingers and failing in the attempt.
Logs - Story - Adhrit - Studying thru movies - synthesis.
Logs - Story - Rajasthan Family trip
    Surabhi Didi booked stay and I the travel - e1 complied.
    1 day before departure - COVID tests needed - such bad timing to inform 7
    Next day reception formalities time and no results that day; rush to Satellite hospital (e1 calls it by this informal name) me driving - good that I know. First reach area then ask sb.
    Done with registrations for the day so art of persuasion from Didi but let go anyways. Come back to original Apollo hospital and get reports and promise of soft copies the next day.
    Airport finally following norms unfortunately - sync with manager cuz terminal guy following rules.
        Talk to the target airport - Promise to produce it there else COVID test there. We complied.
        Follow up for soft copies - he was busy so request from didi without pressure. He send 3. Then without pressure pinging for sending 4th.
        Only information with image that result is different from expected - how to get outta airport? Only date of test and Id number required so move on.
        Hotel would also want it so PDF manipulation at runtime - Syami is awesome with an idea I offered. Delayed submission accepted at resort.
        Had it been hard copies no possibility of manipulation so whatever happens is for good.
    Resort explored and Places visited cuz can't waste our stay there.
        traditional songs and dance there. Good ambience.
    Udaipur no boat ride - not even necessary. He rushing for all the favors - best food, suggestions, telling about places and contracts with people at different places to showcase the city.
        2K advance - postpone and give but not an ideal way to do it. Same later on 800 on another day - we don't travel with cash everyday - action taken.
        Toilets not furnished - informed and they acted on the feedback.
    Full plate meals at Club Mahindra Rajsthan special and Udaipur Special. Good eats and local food also tried - e1 liked it - we want variety and experience of local food while we are there.
        introduced by driver and second by next driver with whatsapp details. Milk also arranged by them.
    Message for mama during the shows and we would handle whenever call comes - where are you; got kit; any symptoms; feedback ratings.
    2nd day relax and only light and sound show at Kumbhalgarh - it was literally light and sound with story telling.
        But it was all banished land but after govt took over turned into heritage sight recently - ASI did it.
    Adhrit Fever last day - getting up with a shock. No doctor shop and COVID time - so driver asked to stop sw - he being socially smart arranged a meetup with a doctor who would open his shop at 7:30.
        we gave him tip later on.
        All kid nursery rhymes songs to our rescue - 
    Nathdvara details. Doctor arranged for Adhrit Story. Udaipur Stories. Kumbhalgarh stories.
        Interested but rush we wanna avoid - but going thru the way so why not and heard about it in our school. Plus, pujari arranged so great.
    Gatte ki sabji, Curry, Mix Jaipuri, All Dahls, Tava Paneer, Mushroom, etc. Veg Thai Curry - Green, red.
        Breakfast all kinds - Parantha, South, Samosa, Kachori, Khandvi, Papadam, etc. Kachori, Imarati at Udaipur.
Logs - Health Stories.
    Udhampur - Out of control in Udhampur.
    NIT JSR - Extreme fever and no doctor reference. Caused by drinking dirt.
        Body itch - Medicine and bathing with soap eventually solved it. Caused by lying on the dirty hostel floor.
    Infy - Doctor reference for small problems.
    Infy Later - Toes pain caused by Uric acid accumulation - used to drink dal. Solved by avoiding dal for a while and some medicines.
        Mole on legs - solved by chuna + onion - Syami's trick.
    VIT Pune - Falling on the head in a drama - no problem worth considering but money lost.
    IIITB - Ear Ache - problem extended by wax going deeper. Solved thru peroxide at a better hospital - costed for consultation and removal.
        In the meantime listen to classes with 1 ear.
    SAP - Coughing problem solved by Hot water.
    SAP - Urinary tract infection - unknown cause - traversal thru 2 hospitals and RxDx recommended by Manager. Even they were gonna raise their hands but they finally solved it with 3 days dosage.
        First unprofessional doctor said that it is not dengue but I can perform the test if you want - surprisingly it had good rating on google - so misleading.
        Amritsar doctor Bedi solved it fully. No motion possible - lying on the bed with no sense of taste and idli tasting extra salty.
        Syami came over on Surabhi didi's guidance. Helped consultation and exported me to ASR.
        Songs were a solace at that time.
    SAP - many checkups like Manipal for all ECG, EEG, Running, Sonar, CAT Scan, etc.
    SAP Later - Continuous coughing without stop - Dr Sharma's medicine helped (tele consultation) but didn't solve it completely.
        Perhaps originated from Maggi masala eaten like pan parag.
        Hot water b4 I had to come back to ASR solved it completely.
    SAP Later - Home checkup during COVID.
    SAP Later - Psychological consultation - nothing more than listener for your stories - small value addition but costly 1K per session. Wanted to be permanent customer.
    SAP Later - Shook my ears in the night and suddenly stopped listening from the ear - of course, it was wax problem
        no amount of trying worked - not even ear wax drops - consulted RxDx for removal.
    SAP ATQ - Taste buds gone at ASR WFH. Reason being dettol put in mouthwash - funny combination.
    SAP ATQ - Shivering, achiness and headache after the Rajasthan trip.
        My only thought - if that gets worst, my BigJ should be made public. So, it's something really important to me.
Logs - Health Stories - Others
    BP, Diabetes, Backache, Uric Acid, Migraine, 3 Dosha sensitivity; Child nurturing course, Healthify Me, etc.
    Friend Fever Takor, Carrying devotee to Hospital for pus removal. accompanying devotee at hospital.
EQ - raj neeti - science of getting power - whatever time it takes.
EQ - apparent vs reality - she ran to room to search vs away from them.
EQ - Frameworks built around everything in EQ and we sit to share our stories navigating thru those frameworks and other's stories (news)
	all frameworks understanding are like theories built for problem solving for people to exercised after understanding the the systems well.
	what we want is to navigate thru those frameworks to gain experience so that they are utilities/standardized for leverage (alignment to reality for stability)
		we can guide others; you can have fun with them (leverage them), you can avoid problems or miss opportunities due to apathy.
		trigger can be anything as long as it helps you grow and get better - go for it.
	girls are source of so much fun, we need life partner else we have to do extra work ourselves, you become more stable that way.
		same with friends.
	someone asks you weekend plan and you don't know or say - ain't not a good thang.
EQ - Corporate - relating to a large company or group.
	Corporation. Definition: A form of business operation that declares the business as a separate, legal entity guided by a group of officers known as the board of directors.
		A corporate structure is perhaps the most advantageous way to start a business because the corporation exists as a separate entity.
		municipal corporation is the legal term for a local governing body, including cities, counties, towns, townships, charter townships, villages, and boroughs.
EQ
	Marriage criteria - Skyline query, Gradient Descent onion based, Layers of access, Pravritti marg includes duality based decision making, etc.
		Apps are awesome to have layered exposure to a person - app based, in person based, family based and you are free to walk out at any stage and more focus on rationale - no strings attached.
		Given a person (at any layer of access) - how would you rate them in PIES (taking FDDL into account) - some worldly numbers already can be input for rating.
			Too high numbers and too low numbers are already uninteresting as per who you are (self rating) 
				clustering numbers will be very interesting
				that's where intuition comes into picture - intuition in our minds already uses subconscious trainings of the past but can't be a proof because of world and personal biases but great input sure.
				say MP's daughter or earning 1 crore or desirous of Everest climb won't be very attractive to you - cuz in n-dimensional space it is distant.
				say earning 1 phooti penny, of course, not attractive.
				algorithm is onion based - you decide the skyline query with minmax of all dimensions so a sphere of interest - propose in app and no response cuz probably you are too demanding or have a bad self estimation - so peel that onion layer and try on next layer. This duration after which you peel that layer is subjective.
				This is a gradient descent which ensures the match in the cluster you actually either belong to or end up being cuz of "economic" demand you factually elicit for whatever overall reasons (like say your too much spiritual interests).
				But it's you - how can you compromise on self love for a person you barely know anything about. Never say I will be someone else if only I can have that person. Well, that's Good for long term decisions but not short term decisions. Like say to have Krishna as your master you may say that but that's a long term decision.
				Rating should also follow the sequence of PEIS - Physical look and feel (estimate for health), social consumerism (estimate for how interesting you will find them), social services (earnings and contributions), spiritual (how evolved consciousness is).
			FDDL - threat, desire or what I get in pies outta that person (prayojan), duty how that person helps or makes me do all those pies things better (abhidhyeya), love - self and relatives, consumer world (common people with their lives relatable thru consumerism), service world (client empathy, peer bonds), spiritual world (all encompassing love with Krishna in center).
				For PIES - also important to see visions, past projects done, present state of art so as to get sufficient information to base your rating on.
			Don't worry that my decision is based on duality and duality is basics of material existence 
				but that's you current or your present. Denial of your current state won't help spirituality marathon. So, put as much wait on higher FDDL as much as possible while taking full responsibility of your decision.
				Pravritti marg ain't denied in shastra - some people choose nivritti marg - no relation to material dualities but others choose gradual descent to perfection.
	Threads of discussion - during discussions, wait and let a person finish their DAG; if ain't with them - ask forgiveness and then interrupt (sorry! but I don't agree with this assertion because..).
		It's not wrong to propose a new thread of discussion but the initiator may not like it and ask for coming back. 
		Like comments in reddit, youtube, quora, Stackoverflow, etc.
		Others, may pick any thread that they are interested in and make their own contributions to or against the motion.
	Getting everything apprently best is not factually best - eg if you are say born with silver spoon in mouth - you lose on so many things that a wholesome life constitutes but your subtle body already takes care of it so no1 has to worry.
EQ - Basketball game
	Just playing by rules ain't enough - it's a strong will to win - rules and strategy just helps us win.
EQ - Password is worn out - use pin, forgotten, solution \
	disconnect with network - I can always connect to system w/o I/N.
	Connect to another network, use rsa to connect to VPN - change password using the VPN.
	But sync with outlook and stuff takes time.
EQ - Avenues for getting friends, Allies, etc
	Sahapathi can be friends (not all but most), special friends and rapport. (Jnana Avenue)
	Sahakarmi can be allies automatically by the sheer teamness. (Bhakti Avenue)
	You do networking with people for possibility of both friendship or potential for being ally. (Dhyan Avenue)
		also friends made over participation in events (Karma Avenue)
	You find someone attractive and approach them for striking a deal with them somewhere.
EQ - Avenues for sale - Cinema, TV, Online Streaming but n with no1 complete, Friends Share thru DVD, FTP, Pirated, etc. 
EQ - Procure
	rent vs lease vs buy vs emi.
	think of all these from ERP perspective - what all you may want to do - how is that facilitated by BYD.
EQ - CS - Local Services UML - adopted from MyGate App
	Maid, Driver, Cook, Milkman, Car Cleaner, Nanny, Plumber, Laundry, Yoga Instructor, Staff, Gardener, Interior Work, Water Supply.
EQ - House - ready to occupy cheaper but 25% downpayment than under construction.
	traffic ew - prefer metro, etc.
	Brigade, DLF very costly - won't entertain. Sobha he said no.
	illegal constructions also take place.
	2 approval certificates from govt - plot and architecture construction approval and 2nd constructed as expected.
	2 costs on under construction - Rent and EMI - gets heavy.
		Optimistic timeline cuz they know you won't go to courts and if you do, heavier on you than them.
EQ - Liquidity should be liquid for economic well being. Let it flow. Importance of savings!?
	stocks coming from belief in someone and contributing to them willingly - their failing is identifiably your ideological failing and their success is yours
	what do you strongly believe in - nurture them
	are you benefitted by them - let's contribute to them - anything would be better than nothing
EQ - care more of celeb than themselves - richest in graveyard - emotions are everything.
	billion dollars but pissed of doesn't count.
EQ
	SweetRing or TrulyMadly - for serious relp
	Tinder - largest world base
	Happn- This app has a Geo Location feature
	QuackQuack with similar interests as you
	Tinder, trulymadly, woo, bumble, moco, kama, bloomy, hinge, aisle, frivil, thrill, okcoffee, matchify, hookedup.
EQ - Loved ones should not feel humble or sorry for anything or worried
EQ - Remix Types
	cover (new performance or recording of a previously recorded)
	karaoke (instrumental version with text shown for asssisting singing)
	remix dj - added music, added randomized screens
	bass boosted (enhancement of low-frequency sound)
	reprise version (repeat)
	guitar accoustic version (as opposed to electric or electronic means; typically the phrase refers to that made by acoustic string instruments)
	unplugged or stripped (no Electric guitars or Bass or a Ketyboard or mixer etc)
	digitally remastered (improve song's audio quality - engineers do the magic)
	Recreated version (only tag line with its music is retained eth else changes)
	(Korean Mix) Hindi Song - Korean screen but hindi song.
EQ - Ravi, Satluj, Byas, Jhelam, Chinav - Punjab
	only 3 remaining - Jhelam and Chinav no longer there.
EQ - Hospital is full of people in similar situations why don't you go there and try crying and see what good it does then.
	not emotionally driven.
EQ - vocab - Copy that is used to acknowledge information while no need to act while roger that is used to acknowledge some information/instruction after which acknowledge will 'act'.
EQ - Recent - no accident case, can't be stolen from TV, Color cheap but bad color, show recent models. average how much (20-21 at least)
EQ - You may be right but if you agitate me, I will not like it
	better be silent than speak sth displeasing - it's perfectly ok and in fact, desirable to be shy when necessary.
EQ - You enjoy this - don't you - joining the dots.
EQ - You have changed - what's different - your hair have grown - oh! to change you don't have to do anything but remain steady you have to persevere.
	speaking of change is automatic, you know the world record for longest nails is held by an Indian - we just forgot to cut that's our talent.
	my god such long nails - such people get recruitments for horror movies.
	nails become like rna strands - single helix.
EQ - Music
	Wind - without a reed
	Wind (Reed or Woodwind) Instruments
EQ - Stop cussing
	Real Men Dont Cuss - vulgarity doesn't breed character and virtue
	Cussing Degrades Us - indecent and irreverent - drags us down and undermines mutual respect
		REL teacher uses foul - appalling lack of respect for his students, no self-control, and utter irreverence for his position as teacher.
		One must live as one thinks - dirty thoughts and behavior creeps in.
	Cussing Harms Civilization - apart from barbarism
		human relations are cultivated and elevated.  There's nothing more uplifting than good conversation
		drags human relations into the mud of banality and vulgarity - brutalizing and barbaric.
	Cussing Desensitizes Us
		When movies first introduced cuss words, most people didn't like it.  But over a period of time, that resistance slowly diminished.
		before long the sense of right and wrong was numbed
		Whenever we fail to explicitly reject something that is wrong, we implicitly tend to accept it.
		Consequently, the unacceptable becomes acceptable.  And the bar of decency falls lower and lower.
	Cussing Broadcasts Bad Example
		our eg is noticed and imitated
		cause an impact on our peers - Our example is educational - interplay of influence carries over to children
		Hollywood pop-stars produce a steady stream of verbal garbage that aims to glamorize and normalize foul language
	Cussing Spreads Verbal and Mental Poverty
		English language is incredibly rich - All sorts of descriptive and interesting words are at our disposal to help us craft ideas full of meaning and purpose.
		same cuss word to describe joy, rage, surprise, and approval and disapproval. => speech is rendered meaningless.
			mind -- which is the most noble aspect of man -- is impoverished
			Irish proverb - Profanity is ignorance made audible
	Cussing is Connatural with Sin
		Man's unruly passions welcome cussing
		When ungodly men are confronted or challenged, they frequently resort to the same response:  cussing and vulgar insults.
	Cussing Is Not Pleasing to God
		every idle word has judgment.
	Soln Tips to Break the Cussing Habit:
		1.  Do five pushups every time you cuss.
		2. Put five dollars in a jar when you cuss.
		3. Ask a friend to give up cussing with you.
	More
		Offends Certain People
		Makes You Sound Uneducated
		Can Get You into Trouble
		Lack of Meaning
		Be an Individual - stand out from the crowd
		Look for Alternatives - fudge, sugar
		The Right Context
EQ - Story - Mohit Chauhan came - only interested a song of my choice and made a casual statement that I will wind up after listening that song.
	got late, I entered and guess the very next song was that one.
	but he doesn't sing dance songs, I told have 2-3 drinks after that even ghazals make you dance.
EQ - knowledge on distance matters - he made a wrong claim that MG Road is closer than Koramangla 
	at that time had to accept cuz can't counter argue cuz only intuition, never really thought about it.
EQ - In marriage, it is very important to choose a person sharing your value system - cuz of again reward punishment, the psychological manipulation which happens all the time.
	a celibrity cracks "Ok Kinds" joke and people laugh heartily to reward him for a little endeavor so as to enable him crack better jokes in future. Or give a mild smile thereby giving some reward making them yearn for more by getting better in his craft.
	a lady fighting in favor of independent state gets so much frowns that she is discouraged from continuing to act along those lines - this is called culture where your proximity affects how you act - clustering a culture that defines a state, or nation, or so.
	how elders cheer for small steps by babies - to make them get better at it.
	your role models or your associates - you sit with them and eventually become like them because of same reward punishment principle and of course, not just on yourself but how they elicit response when they act in certain ways.
EQ - https://www.gaonconnection.com/bat-pate-ki/know-about-history-of-indian-coin-phooti-cowrie-damri-pie-dhela
EQ - words how you speak it - sutte, soorma gaal kaddi, mujhe kehte gyani (beta it's good word)
EQ - e1 in world is frienemy - they are both - it is like playing a game with opponent
	you wanna play so well that you defeat the other person 
	you don't want lousiness to come out of a person (envy) in order to win
	you don't even want to win somehow or other with cheating 
		others don't like and you won't like it.
	you wanna role model people (jealosy vs idolize - the difference is existence of hope and pursuit)
	you will do whatever to win - stretch and want the other to do the same - guaranteeing the growth (MOP maybe)
	you accept and appreciate if someone made a good delivery but ensure they won't get 2nd chance.
	after the tuscle is over, you are again laughing together as friends cuz the phase is done.
	someone seeks advice or guidance you offer in your capacity (not a coach but specific guidance)
	do we even game with seniors? yes but politely - you hit boundary if lousy ball comes but EOD you know the other person has the ego and you are in trying phase and will not hesitate in asking them favors.
EQ - questions to test someone's psychology (EQ)
	beauty / brains
		My Answer - Brains
	what do you see in a person
		MA - character, their motivations, etc
	what do you like in your father
		scientific aptitude - going in depth; practicality, interest in yoga
	do you see that in the prospect (eg - wife, etc)
		...
	adjectives for the prospect
		...
	qualities in your would be spouse
		high character, spiritual, achievement mindset (or persevering), loving, entertaining, health conscious, etc.
	how important is money
		very
	what do you see yourself doing 5 years 2023, today.
		Data Scientist
	how important is family to you
		very
	rank in order - family money career
		family, career, money
	like minded friends - qualities in friends. 
		industrious, etc.
	what kinda people you like.
		genuine, industrious, funny, etc.
	what do you do in your free time.
		explore philosophy
	what brings smile to your face.
		genuineness.
	Relationship is important or opinions are important
		Relationship (opinions are subservient; relationship also supposed to respect the truth)
	do you change your opinions with situations
		opinions evolve but not fluctuate as per situations to suit whims
	do you lie?
		avoid.
	whom do you like most in the family
		e1.
	what motivates you
		KC / DS.
	favorite actor / actress / Role Model
		Robin Sharma, Sandeep Maheshwari, Tony Robbins, etc.
	academics / job - ?specifics and what matters more
		academics is the foundation and jobs are just the runtime.
EQ - questions to test someone's psychology (Organized)
	spiritual or ethics or life philosophy
		Love Life
			what do you see in a person
			what do you like in your father
			do you see that in the prospect (eg - wife, etc)
		Life Philosophy and inventory
			adjectives for the prospect
			qualities in your would be spouse
			rank in order - family money career
			what motivates you
			what brings smile to your face.
		Ethics
			do you lie
			Relationship is important or opinions are important
			do you change your opinions with situations
	intellect
		beauty / brains
		how important is money
		what do you see yourself doing 5 years 2023, today.
		academics / job - ?specifics and what matters more
	emotions
		how important is family to you
		whom do you like most in the family
		like minded friends - qualities in friends. 
		what kinda people you like.
		what do you do in your free time.
		favorite actor / actress / Role Model
	health
EQ - Network, Ally, Friend, One.
	All stages include previous stage.
	network characterised by small talk, flavor of what all you represent, 
EQ - Science
	Science deals with all vocab and grammar with a certain rules governing what comes inside environment what won't.
	Architecture is utilization of the existing vocabs, grammars for building your own products.
		Architects are responsible for bridging the world of product (domain) with the technical.
		vs Product Management - responsible for bridging the world of product (domain) with the business - understand biz completely, convicing them, planning adoption, solving business problem for them.
		Innovation comes under architecture but you don't have to know it completely - only your part.
	Engineer deals with only technical world and mapping domain level specifications to technical world - they evolve towards architecture with time.
	Technician deals with only technical world and implementing the details.
	Analysis
		Is Darwinism scientifically established - no, it's a theory not disproved.
		it lacks mathematical rigor, it doesn't define species precisely - with vocabulary not well defined, the building can't be trusted without bricks.
		prove that changed behaviors change genes - if favoring the genes is in question, the there are finite number of combinations possible.
			mutations in genes - prove newly made proteins make physiological or anatomical changes. difficult to establish.
			make sense outta darwin finches - variations can be accepted but change in species cat to become dog - no! wolf to become a dog - 
				that sounds possible but physiological changes are talked not lesser expressions of stuff.
			you can say with so many assumptions, theory is difficult to be established.
			what observations can be made to validate the candidate postulated hypotheses. 
			There is 1 hypotheses - what behavior are you trying to explain - we are predicting (rather proposing) a world behavior. 
				That's not science ! Predictions are based on theory.
	Observe an effect, guess possible causes, validate each cause thru a range of tests. 1 which survives all is a theory until proven otherwise.
		without any trigger of effect to be explained, it postulates what must be going on. Effects - differences in species to be explained.
			goat and giraffe so similar with a few differences.
			proposed hypothesis as darwinism - all relatable steps for how it could be happening.
			test every steps thru rigorous testing - 
		any theory can be a candidate until it can be proven wrong - an statement has to corroborate to some principles - assertion.
			what's measurable! dependent, independent variables - nth.
			testible - is it testible - gene has changed cuz of lifestyle? which genetic combinations have been favored in a population => variations.
			darwin talks about gene? no.
			natural selection - nature selects individuals of species.
			with this getting longer neck sounds possible but how long can it get - knowledge of genes proves it or disproves it.
				think of a gene responsible for inhibition of neck length after a certain age - if that is removed, then neck will reach moon.
				in that case, even a combination of longer neck is also encoded in the gene - assuming 1 gene determines, a phenotype.
EQ - Any fields - Practice => Confidense => Calm and Composed cuz wanna hide weakness (won't laugh on your mistake cuz they have grown thru this)
	sportsman => cool and composed people they are - cuz so busy - they do it when it's important and healthy it is - doing eth at peak becomes a habit.
	pick any game - carrom you would reverse it and play it. you stay mentally and physically agile.
EQ - No More Mr Nice Guy - Say it that you are busy. Say it that you have plans or gotta leave. Or "No" - palatable is better but not at inconvenience.
	ppl do contracts with you not because you are nice but because you have the quality it takes - eg - no1 can avoid littlefinger although e1 knows his dangers.
	But of course, being nice is icing of the cake.
	Being nice should not encourage other people to take advantage of nice-ness. so you have know, set and be firm at the boundaries.
	Eg - you feel disgust (time wastage) vs uneasy - you can either leave immediately or give a pause and then leave - leaving it open to interpretation.
EQ - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0qzkMNtz3Q
EQ - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHtdTLN8Qgs
EQ - On call things to discuss
	past - times, friends, plans
	now - concerns, interests, success dance, status report
	future - plans, etc.
EQ - Parents must make arrangements for children to have "worlds" where they have their unique data model, process model - toys can be of great help there.
	Eg - partitions ged tiyan, connect pieces to make country in the framework; roller to find all info about country by rolling 1 circle on top of the other.
		Paper arts, lego blocks to make animals, games inventions, regular games, etc.
EQ - "Life's Over" Incident in IQ - EQ View, Projection generic (helpful), Specific works, wrt SAP care for life so financial matters taken care of, SQ touch upon.
EQ - need to give the hesitation or resistance of interacting with people. Of course, interaction wise I am good (with some home work).
	This is required for health. Not just giving up hesitation but taking initiatives for needful interactions. Wantful is also good but not necessary.
EQ - of course you have have right to keep things private, public, protected but you are not insecure with violation of privacy cuz it is about moving from vyakti to samashti and non-stealing your keeping things private is not an act of stealing so why fear.
	you are not insecure with it. Eg car driving clutch and accelerator matching for old cars - I am not insecure with it I am learning.
	Samsung IV - you knew this question didn't you - yes but it can take variations so a little thinking doesn't hurt - just asking - not that I am insecure with it.
	it may treat people not up to their expectations but who breached your confidentiality in first place and let them taste the truth or a view of truth which may not appeal them.
EQ - Broad Minded - tolerant or liberal in one's views and reactions; not easily offended.
	a seer of large picture so open to different ways of thinking. Not reactive cuz comfortable with himself and not coming from insecure place. Not easily offended cuz is a solver and sees the RCA behind everything. is accomodative.
	vs narrow minded - only 1 way of thinking and closed to everything else - insecure, immature (not necessarily wrong - but doesn't see large picture), is brittle (neophyte) - not on nishtha stage equivalent of SQ.
EQ - protocols ensure that there is obligations and there is lesser room for anarthas.
	protocols like planning on coordinating travels for meetups.
	protocols for sellers of cars (middle-men) 
EQ - think of simple transactions but forgetting your presence of mind makes you suck.
	car buying as a consumer is a simple transactions. But if you are not conscious.
	commitments over receipt along with total money - should have confirmed then and there and not just keep it only to verbal - later clarified it 
		verbal is quite a thing and normal people can be taken for words in reasonable degree - reasonable trust. 
		But legal backing is needed to do cuz we are living in material world.
	Money transfer should better be thru bank cuz that can be held on legal grounds. In transactions, there is some racing involved but that's within reason - first pay or first bill of payment.
	Currently again EQ is happening - but the purpose these days is about cultivating health - such transactions should not be a big deal for me.
EQ - sometimes we are not sure what the best course of action is and ask for 7 guidance which once more is just an input cuz responsibility is still yours.
	guidance of person is still based on perception of facts not facts as your know them.
	in such situations, sometimes it is recommended to do whatever you would rather do - that which is natural or spontaneous for you and that may even be wrong - but will act as a feedback or gradient descent to your ideal version.
	objection - what if 7 is considering crime and cuz of conditionings is coming very naturally - see every action comes with a penalty - if you are planning penalty already in a package, it is hopeless. 
		The proposed idea is accept the penalty (which is mild) but helps come to right track cuz of immediate small feedback but if one doesn't even see humungous feedback, how will one even learn without willingness - of course, nature will still force it.
EQ - Why filter on speaking; let yourself speak AMAP - crows keep speaking; speech that should be worth speaking.
EQ - problem of anticipating evils (also blind disbelief) - catastrophizing, expecting the worst.
	Car dealer had written total and I thought remaining and fabricated the whole story and started to feel upset.
	Called 1 day to check status and he said it would be delivered in 2 days. I started fabricating story around worst case possibility - maybe shop won't be found there tomorrow - all this is sign of poor social knowledge and awareness - you don't understand franchise, law, etc and start to feel sucked.
	Just said she is not curious to learn cooking and I start to fabricate worst possible story.
	Story of person fabricating story around what to do with pot of rice and beating his children broke the pot. Not living in the present.
	blind disbelief even in spirituality is sign of poor knowledge don't know tripod - don't know possibilities, guards against fears - 1 reason kali is full of misfortune.
	https://brainworldmagazine.com/why-do-we-always-expect-the-worst-how-to-stop-doing-that/
	https://www.goodtherapy.org/blog/dear-gt/why-do-i-always-seem-to-assume-the-worst
	https://tinybuddha.com/blog/life-becomes-beautiful-stop-anticipating-the-worst/
	Stories like Devotee trying to pressure a builder to finish the work, until then no payment is just a caution story.
	The guy who refused to fix the fans after we entered the voice is cautionary story.
	The owner who asked us to leave lotus voice on short notice and got us in panic was a cautionary story - senior was disturbed by how pathetic we were at EQ handling. What about notice period to be given to tenant.
	All of the above are just stories meant to understand the society that we live in so that we enter upon it with caution, vigilance and completeness - VA should not be a big deal according to KC philosophy - it should be big deal enough to keep us off guard from anarthas and lower tendencies. It should help us evolve and after attaining health, it should sideline itself in favor of evolution to higher plane.
	So study case studies. Explore possibilities - do we not make software which can't be taken advantage of - similarly VA should be secure. That effort is also an investment in the material realm - VA is not just functional but also non-functional - how fast (performance), how secure (fool proof); and let's not forget smart (innovative and integrate-able).
	Exploring these possibilities comes from news, discussions, stories, movies (if they are good, most are hypothetical like shit), etc.
		Eg - Kabir Singh - colossal less probable stuff (association rules in real world - what's the support and confidence for the person's combinations), there are many such movies. They may have a point but they are not good picture of society. If it is normal, it's not worth telling.
		Even news will highlight on what went off from normal. Normal is never covered in news. Initiatives can be covered in news but who all focus on that. Expert discussions are good to have.
EQ - always keep your options open - not e1 responds - keep all options at your disposal and then make your choice - don't like the car, don't go for it.
EQ - RFQ => !MOI. Take quotations from many people and then take a stand.
	Pay the price else cheaters get cheated - unwilling to pay the price so there comes a guy (cheater) who promises cheap semblence for cheaper price.
	Vow = Resolution + Truth (in my current state) - ensured by speaking that in front of lord cuz you don't lie in front of deities or Lord representations.
		don't take it as being supreme controller that it won't happen - duh, surprise! you are not supreme controller.
		you can't promise in the realm beyond you eg sick for 2 days and vow broken.
	Stories are past and narratives are for future 
EQ - Given a situ - find a story behind it - priori probability.
	you don't have engagement in punjab or will go later - already done - so informing me later then.
EQ - Youth has noise proclivity it's ok.
EQ - you can the architecture or propositions - seller of car comes up with a play or plan (payment, etc) - you can agree or disagree with it.
	but we can override it with reason.
	He is healthy - just cautious with anarthas which is good but too much steals joy from our life so tolerant to mild deviation.
	It's like elephant passes thru - gotta accomodate the tail like Lord, gotta tolerate in percentage (BYD)
EQ - Worldly fights are avoided cuz of game theory - when take place typically they fallback to next level of shit but not to lowest level.
	Japan would have never imagined nuclear blasts for just ships attack - disproportionate escalation of matter.
	They behave so gotta retaliate - dev in rain - is there a limit to which they can fall - what's our limit? Head on assertion, proper systems in place, change the pivot or situ (avoid)/ content.
	St only way desireable is going for MB but not always.
	If can't do anything about it - grow your tolerance; it is not all futile - it gives experience; lessons to learn, nature of worldly reality (in normal distribution); prepares for future; increases ur threshold (midnight DJ to regular daytime noise so others become more acceptable as reality - the way things are, man)
	Eg - locking room so retaliate - no need cuz his fear is already enough - law of karma should take care - why change focus to what's unworthy of our higher self and higher pursuits.
	Is the price of our meditations some few thousand bucks?
EQ - Bike
	Input - Clutch, Gear, Brake, Headlight selector, Handbrake, fuel tank, mirror. shift lever, 
		Output - exhaust system (silensor), odometer, speedometer, tachometer.
	Inside - Battery, Carburetor, chain, charger, drivetrain, engine, air filter, filter oil, lamp, motor, suspension, tyres, transmission, wheels.
	Accessories - helmet, saddlebags, handle grips, handlebars, seating, chassis, sidecar, windshield.
EQ - Polity - Strategizing how you present it - I have 1 month holiday vs I have 20 days holiday can't count weekends vs explain it all completely.
EQ - Lapse - going without helmet - being a realist not optimist or pessimist - what is the bet here - what penalty am I willing to pay to take up a task worth a gamble.
	this is also an architectural lapse that you forgot about it.
	Lapse - jump on speedbreaker - speed judiciously. Avoid night travel, be alert and cautious for what can go wrong. etc.
EQ - You approach ppl they reciprocate 
	eg - I asked for college sangam from friends they didn't go but later came back for discussion. Also, move forward - ankit jain said let's meet up on monday if time permits.
EQ - got a call from Jiju on staying safe and measures - why and how - how socially responsible or social smart server he is. Awesome and blessed to have such jiju.
	game of probability - we resonate so much. Natural for our culture - even not bringing shoes inside such good culture.
	every wash of clothes, regular soap wash, etc.
EQ - charged with the interest fee which is 3.4% on the total amount due+3.4% on each and every transaction made on that bill+3.4% on all the fresh transactions after paying the minimum amount due until you make the full payment on that particular bill+18% GST on that interest amount. So, effectively, like 30% of purchases you did on that month + extra unpaid transaction in the month.
	Eg - 10 k and they charged me an interest of 1500 + 300 Gst.
	its a terrible strategy for paying down your credit card balances.
	Approach newcomer for 47 remaining.
EQ - Financial for Rent
	Credit Card is literally cash (with small loss) via paytm wallet. So I can add to wallet using credit card and transfer to bank account with 5% loss.
	for 40K the loss is 2K but if I remove FD the loss is only 4% of amount as per consumed time. So let's say 1 year finished then breaking 40K FD means 1.5K loss.
	There was possibility of loan of 75K from company on 0% interest but then I will have to pay tax on it cuz it duration has 31st march and so avoid 1/5 of its normal interest as tax.
	Don't be attached to specific narrative - keep options open.
		See, the main focus or rule of playing this game is maximizing your profit and minimizing your loss - one has to be intelligent with this.
		Eg - saving money by not skipping evening meals but that's bad for throat - money spent on medicine, discomfort, travel, opportunities lost or slowed, etc.
	Everything has solution (positive thinking and expected social smartness for this confidence) just that we want most appealing narrative to be formed but ain't attached to that.
EQ - Principles and values, putting a spin on some action (narrative of your choice)
EQ - architectural confidence stems from conviction that everything is solvable.
	no matter what situation will be, I will find a way to solve it - it may be even be a little displeasing but I can get over it.
	maybe with a little loss - see, planning the least loss is also an art and the involved resilience is also an aspect of health or capabilities.
	Eg - Owner just cares for his rent nothing else. The room mates continue so they don't care, so I call the new guy and need to negotiate with him 
		postponing by 15 days for which I pay the rent to the landlord works well.
		Planning it all in a matter of week is also doable but not the best bet but a possibility nevertheless.
	Choosing takes time and effort, action (moving, agreement, etc) takes lesser of them.
EQ - 1 advantage of keeping low on promises is you have flexibility and freedom to change, rollback/ backout.
	So it's good to have a little hesitation on making a promise.
EQ - You want to finalize it as soon as possible but that's bad health - always standardize things abstractly and then give commitment.
	No immediate judgment but only experience it without instant veredicts - only noting + and - in the head from the model that I have created for "a property".
EQ - Confusion on whether to go by car or bike as it was raining in evening 
	Pros cons - getting wet may not be allowed to enter, smartphone getting wet; car not allowed inside then?, car parking space, rush and police encounter (low chance cuz evening and corona scare), unforeseen situ in real time, dog chasing cars till desperation.
	confidence level grows with time and you decide its scale if not enough or above threshold, we decide to go with the default option and after the experience update our belief or confidence level like Bayes Theorem in Probability.
EQ - gotta be good with negotiations, discussions, planning over uncertain things using narrative that I will push forward and being adaptive with that narrative, being flexible in your narrative being malleable, when a narrative has to change it sometimes needs prior or posterior information updates to the stakeholders cuz it is like observer design pattern - it matters to them and a change in narrative has additive stakes over all the observers or stakeholders like all of them need to cancel the tickets and accomodation if you postpone an event by 1 day. So, yes, change in narrative comes with some penalty or advantages - just tolerate both good and bad and move on.
	when multiple listeners to your narrative, you need to be stern with something. And when change is necessary, then sometimes take prior permission or information and others update with posterior updates.
	planning over certain event is more deterministic in nature and doable.
EQ - Planning over uncertainities involves probabilities and playing bets over gamblings (with some probabilities intuitively known).
	Eg - She gets transferred (b4, during vacations, after vacations) X I take flat (b4, after vacations, next month) = ||S|| = 6.
	Given the intuitions (rough prob) at hand, what's your best bet?
	It also depends on how certain you wanna play - if you are unwilling to face the possibility of 0.01 which shows up in first time (that's how probability works), better don't use this technique and try something else.
	Create a narrative for all of those possibilities - can call is FOE or control flow.
EQ Data - bread pakoda - bread crumbled, mashed potato, besan remix
	opening sauce opener not working - used key - amazing.
	sauce bottle 7 else's - then do replacement rather than discussing that you consumed it.
EQ - very easy to give judgment on a culture in one word better or worse than the other but if you compare across dimensions it is not that trivial.
EQ - 1 country better than the other. is like comparing 2 vectors and 2 matrices which are different for different dimensions - can't say A > B or a > b cuz so many dimensions to check.
	even in IT - saying 1 framework better than other is easy said than proven. of course result in some dimension proves some worth but different aspects internally to evaluate as well - maybe 1 good framework but not adopted properly or some hybrid approach can be our best bet.
	1 business succeeds cuz they had adopted some techniques - nothing happens by fluke - like business success has case studies - country success in some dimension has case studies.
	all cultures have their priorities - and with that, there has been some initial decisions that went on getting better by gradient descent over longhistory and as priorities - prove to be better than others in some way like economics or spirituality.
	all social factors are important for any society or culture and hence it is platform and nor just framework - and every one has to do it - it may be lousy but it is must.
		different ideologies and debates and discussions are all meant to affect that platform at admin level and at individual social circles levels. Think of them as different architects fighting over what final platform or framework should look like.
	Game theory - administrators of society have a very crucial work 
		all subjects and citizens will obviously act in their best economically favorable way and won't necessarily give a dang about country's or everyone's growth 
		but admins have to decide on the rules s.t it reward and punishes behaviors 
		and eventually that higher governing proposition will start formulating public's behavior and influence strongly what the final culture looks like.
		country becomes economically well off - of course kudos to business people but more so to the governance that brought about mentality change in people.
			what was so terribly wrong with british rules - this answers that - why that mentality of taking them superior still exists cuz we got programmed that way.
EQ - Photoshots - different poses
EQ - Dance
EQ - Love Making
	Personal
		Mood preparation
		Foreplay
		Indulge
		Postplay
	https://www.wikihow.com/Make-Sex-Better
		Setting up for success
			Use safer sex practices
			Love the body you're in
			Communicate openly with your partner
			Reveal what you like
			Let your partner know what isn't working
			Pay attention to your partner
		Mastering the Act
			Ditch the porn stereotypes
			Take your time to enjoy it
			Focus on foreplay
			Keep the compliments flowing
			Use proper lubrication
			Make some noise
		Try New Things
			Indulge in your fantasies
			Keep things unpredictable
			Try a new position
		Getting Outside Help
			Find some resources (50 shades, Better sex by Sinclair Institute)
				https://www.xvideos.com/video5807831/10_secrets_to_great_sex and many refs.
			See your doctor
			Consult an expert
	https://www.wikihow.com/Make-Sex-Last-Longer
	Sensitivity Solutions
		Delay Spray
		longer-lasting erection the second time around
		b4 PnNRTry to relax for about 20 or 30 seconds, and then start again.
		squeeze method
		lower position
		Anesthetic creams
		device called a biothesiometer measured for people in some research.
	Sinclair Institute
		10 secrets to great sex
			Shower together
			oral stimulation
			sucking food items from body.
			stimulation of genitals with lubes.
			together watching dirty stuff
			body kissing (15:00)
EQ - Tax 
	Why tax benefit for LTR / LTA, Telephone, etc - the claim is that for additional income you gotta have social responsibility. Since your tour in 2 years or telephones are your obligations you don't need to pay tax on them like basic salary (fundamental needs of life) - tax is on additionals and moreover LTR is good for country economy also so no tax on that.
	LTR upper limit is 1 lakh for my company (not salary cuz in presentation they showed it to all) - plan should be made in advance to avail it and have estimate of cost so as to get full tax-saver money on expenditure thereby covering up backlog till that time of the year.
		can LTR be claimed over due - travel I made last year - not sure!
	On company change, new salary package will be devised and you can apply LTR there as well but the problem both file returns with govt end of FIN year and there 2 claims outside of scope ain't allowed.
	you can claim LTA reimbursement every year, but not the tax exemption. International travel not allowed.
	change your package any number of times during the initial phase. After a certain time, they won't allow it because payroll has to decide accordingly.
EQ - Vocab - Fiance for male and fiancee for female. So, my fiancee but pronunciation is same.
EQ - Speak up importance
	Akash for questioning the motion and speaking up your concern. Anshul defaulted the paying behavior. He resisted and volunteered to talk to owner - owner chose to pay himself.
EQ Sq - Jatayu's birthplace visited. Hanuman's birthplace - Hampi, Pampasarovar, caves.
EQ - Mood of everyone in a room and proposal to change the mood and how welcoming people are to the new mood.
	being jovial while people are serious with something intellectual, they may not welcome that. or they may but emotional intelligence has to be understood.
	current covid situation so cutting investments - innovation and ml topics in byd, new products, etc - we hope figures will be similar to last year so revenue same so not much impact.
	emerge stronger from this phase of covid - too early to talk about it - management and this discussion will come later.
	people ain't asking for new features - so more time on NSME doing so beneficial in that sense.
	many stores don't even have web page - so opportunity there for COVID like situation. Then to bigger store.
	high resilience company - what it gives us and what we can do differently.
EQ - Grains - including wheat (dalia, maida), rice (chaval), corn (maize), 
	oats (breakfast with milk, livestock food), millet (ragi, bajra, varai (soma rice), bhagar), singhada (water chestnut)
	barley (Jau, soups and beer), sorghum (sharbat), rye (Rai, mustard seeds),
	such as amaranth, buckwheat and quinoa.
	besan ain't grains.
EQ - Primary masale and secondary masale
	Some Primary Masale - Haldi, Dhania Powder, Lal Mirch, Kasturi methi, Mustard Seeds, Jeera, Saunf, Kali Mirch, Luang, etc.
	Garam Masala - Derived Masala composed of following primary masale.
		Fennel (saunf)
		Black and white peppercorns (kali/safed mirch)
		Cloves (lavang)
		Cinnamon or cassia bark (dalchini)
		Mace (outer covering of nutmeg) (javitri)
		Black and green cardamom pods (elaichi)
		Cumin (jeera)
		Coriander (dhania)
	Chat Masala, Sambhar Masala, Sabji Masala (Kitchen King), South Indian Garam Masala, Chana Masala, Paneer Masala.
	Biryani Masala, Panipuri Masala, Jiravan Masala, Jaljira Masala, etc.
EQ - Veggies
	Veggies Types - https://www.shiveshskitchen.com/2015/09/classification-of-vegetables.html
		Roots Vegetables - Carrot, Radish, Turnip, beetroot.
		Stalk or Bulb Vegetables - Onion, Garlic.
		Tubers Vegetables (modified stems/ stem tubers) - Potato, Sweet Potato, yam, Ginger.
		Stem Vegetables - asparagus (shatavari)
		branch - ?
		Leaves Vegetables - Spinach (palak saraso, methi), Cabbage.
		Flowers Vegetables - Cauliflower, broccoli.
		Seed Vegetables (Beans) - Legumes and Peanuts (nuts in general), corn.
			Types of Lentils or Dals - sabut (whole), split (dhuli), chilke waali.
				Common Dals
					Moong (Green/ yellow fine grains) - available whole, split, with skin on, and removed.
					Masoor Dal (Brown / Red Lentils) - excellent addition to vegetables.
				Dosa Zone
					Urad Dal (Black/white) This one is usually called black dal when whole, and white when it's skinned and split. Dal Makhani. Ingredient for bondas, papads, medu vada, Dosa, payasam.
					Toor/Arhar Dal (Brown or flat yellow grains) - Pigeon Pea - Sambhar waali.
				Function Dals
					Matar Dal (green whole, yellow split) - basically matar dried.
					Chickpea (black, white, yellow) - Bengal gram, channa dal - kala chana, Kabuli chana. salad.
					Rajmah (brown, red kidney like) - Kidney beans (francebeans)
					Lobia (Black eyed yellow) - Rongi or cowpea or black-eyed pea.
				High Protein -
					Soyabean (kidney shaped yellow Lobia like) - derivatives soya milk, tofu, Nutrie nuggets.
				Unknown - Turkish daal
					Horsegram - kulthi. Make rasam. Beneficial but not e1 likes it.
			Nuts and Dried fruits
				Kaju (Cashew), Pistachio (pista), akhrot (walnut), badam (almonds), groundnuts (mungfali), kishmish, chuhara, anjeer figs, apricot, etc.
				etc.
		Fruits Vegetables - Tomatoes, Bottle guard, bitter guard (kadwa lauki), Kathal, Brinjal (eggplant), shimla mirch.
			Parwal, Tinde, bhindi.
		Fungi Vegetables - Mushrooms.
	Uncat
		Starch - Sooran, Potato, Kachalu, Shakarkand, Arbi, Corn veggies.
		Derivatives - Mushroom, Nutrie Nuggets.
		Vitamins - 
			Small veggies - , Chukandar (beetroot).
			Spherical - Kathal (Jackfruit), Bottleguard, Pumpkins, Petha (ashguard)
			Alu combo buckets - 
				radish, carrot, 
				Shimla Mirch, methi, 
				beans, matar, 
				gobhi.
			Guards - bottle, bitter, ash (petha), etc.
EQ - flavors - Amla, Aam achar, mirchi achar, nimbu achar, nimbu, salads - tomato, kheera, dhania, onion, ginger, garlic, etc.
	Drinks - aam pana, chhachh, lassi, milk types, kadha, etc.
EQ - Milk Items
	Milk, Curd, Paneer, Cheese, Sweet Dishes, etc.
EQ - breads types
	Makki roti, Types of paranthas, naan, kulcha, multigrain, phulka, rumali, roti.
	literal breads types, Rice, etc.
	Sabudana, varai, etc.
EQ breakfasts - poha, idli, etc.
EQ - Fruits
		Drupe - has fleshy fruit and a single seed with a hard endocarp eg peaches, coconut and olives.
		Berry - has many seeds eg tomatoes, peppers and cucumber but not strawberries!
		Aggregate fruit - develop from one flower with many pistils eg strawberries.
		Legumes - split along two sides eg beans, peas.
	Spain - berries (small, juicy fruits with thin skins), pits (outerskin covering a soft, fleshy mesocarp and hard stone endocarp)
		, cores (central core containing seeds and a thick layer of mesocarp flesh), citrus fruits (thick outer rind and a segmented flesh)
		, melons (large, juicy fruits with thick skins and many seeds) and tropical fruit (grow in warm climates, such as bananas, figs and avocados)
	Personal - Possible criteria - water contents (pulp water concentration), number of seeds, which part we eat, their evolution this life, their species evolution in past, size, taste, etc.
		Group fruits - all melons.
		Personal
			ecto, meso, endo - End to End - edible ectocarp thru endo. Grapes (angur), strawberries, guava (amrud), khajur, etc.
			ecto, meso - Pulp - peel ecto to edible mesocarp but thick seed. apples (seb), nashpati (pear).
			meso - sitaphal, Mango (aam), citrus (orange/kinu/santare, mosambi, kim, lemon)
				all melons - kharbuja (musk melon), tarbuja (water melon), papita (red colored papaya)
			meso, endo - Hard peel - pomegranates (anar), banana (kela)
			endo - Hard shell - Soft Core - break ectocarp - nuts and coconut.
EQ - Rent place - Water problem - container from F block, 1437, supermarket orion mall nearby. transport there, wall hangings no problem, parking supported, kitchen water also ok for consumption.
	Owner from Dubai. 20K + 3K he will do cuz maintenance is high (4.3K) - SD of 1.2L, Brokerage 1 month rent (excluding the maintenance).
	But very far from the city. Wall hangings no problem.
EQ - Tejinder discussions on money mindedness
	why not - we give so many hours in the day for money - it is insecurity with the money that we don't do what we would rather do.
	best talents have always given themselves to not what humanity needs but the activity that rewards the most. So it's ok for me to think where money comes from.
	capitalism is a proven concept that worked - all others have got their trials but they failed.
EQ - Polity
	Change the configuration of things around you so that a certain action is elicited
	Eg - keep tomato on plate for hours together to convey the idea that I am gonna use tomatoes so kindly add that to splitwise.
	Eg - Increase the fridge coolness degree so that defrost would ensure mopping from another person. I anyways don't need deep freezing.
	Eg - Cook doesn't wash the substratum of boiler; I will put it in sink then you can't help but wash them. OR you will escalate and then I will tell you for all times to come.
EQ - Most movies or video games are like - select and understand the business configuration - how the run should be (what's doable, capabilities, stories yes/no), master data (what are building blocks of your world, get a little practice on them), transactional data (see the interplay of the building blocks).
	Some part of fun in the movies is in 'effect to cause' discovery - in other words some key master data information that explains away most of transactional data that happened thru the play. People call that thing as punch, twists when master data belief changes suddenly.
	Eg - inception movie - what is the world, what are the capabilities, actors and their specialities, Then storyline or arc - what had to happen (prayojan), how (abhidhyeya) and what actually happened.
	Eg - Horizon gameplay - Configure the run of the game, get introductions to master data about characters or actors or players thru transactional experiences and discover more about them in the journey. 
	Eg - Last of us gameplay - some fun comes from dielema in players and the choice they made and invokes discussions.
	Theories - when you want to fill more aspects about the world not covered in film - aspects like master data, psychology of characters;
	More terms - spoilers, foreshadowing (guessing), easter eggs (hints or gifts for audience), fan service, prequel, sequel, etc.
EQ - Peers vs partners vs allies.
	Two popular business structures are partnerships and alliances. Each structure has pluses and minuses. The essential difference between these structures is that a partnership is a merger of individual interests for mutual profit, while an alliance is a collaboration between sovereign interests for mutual profit.
	https://bizfluent.com/info-12085743-differences-between-partnerships-alliances-business.html
EQ - Maths makes my world mathematical in outlook. 
	Eg - Bias is mathematical to me - It means assumptions or premises that may lead to highly inaccurate (%age-wise) judgments - they may even be true to some percentage but accuracy is really low.
		Think of judgment that my cousin is most suited candidate for the new role - that's a bias that could lead to a rather inaccurate selection - maybe someone else factually was.
		But the bias is like already made up mind which falls short - if the same cousin would have cleared exam and cleared interviews conducted by others or himself but unquestionable - can it still be called biased? No, not really.
		Types of Bias - source : google images.
			Response bias (options limited or questions tone; eg atheistic args against god - mind is already made)
			voluntary response bias, 
			convenience (whatever is easily available - person, approach; Eg - movies way out of a problem - very conveniently plot driven in that side)
			undercoverage (sample taken from less representative population - eg questioning your cousin for Interview)
			Another way - construct bias, method bias, images bias, 
			Another way - selection, measurement, experimenter's expectancy bias.
			Cognitive bias
			Work place bias - affinity bias, attribution bias, beauty bias, confirmation bias, conformity bias, gender bias, halo and horns bias.
	Eg - Mask - it is filtering elements of a set using some cover (which could be made by a condition). 
		Think Mask cartoon TV series. 
		Think, we mask our body thru clothes. Not that there is nothing to be ashamed of our body but that raw state itself is animal platform and is not favorable for VA so yes, VA is facade on top of ESMD life which sophisticates it by masking lower tendencies - even though subtle body is quite ready for human life but the practices should be favorable for VA as well. Food for senses won't permit higher layers to flourish cuz the price goes on increasing along the layers but reward quality also goes on improving.
EQ - Asking Maintenance guy to be middleman or broker for need for parking space and availability 
	he himself has none and his nature is already known to us from previous experience - conditional probability of getting help vs getting obstruction.
	Dependency Rule - Flat Number => Block Number (realized this when number existed in parking space ; pattern - numerator : denominator :: Room Number : Parking Space Number.
		pattern recognition in mapping parking space number to room number - not identified but space numbers are contiguous and ensure 1 open side for every lot.
		AB = (3-10, 11-18) - 2 circles standing for each blocks.
		CD - (19-34)
		EF - (35-50)
	State Change (AI) in real world
		CS - Abstract level speaking even all apps are like that only but we draw concrete lines of those state changes and keep changing logs - transaction's developer log, user log of changes, business data or process (clicks tracking). Eg - web app, android app, etc.
		Desirable state from current state - My vehicle in visitor parking to safe state inside society - think of a set of transitions to get there - legal transitions, socially acceptable transitions, facilitated transitions thru some broker, on my own efforts (m:n broker problems)
		when I make such changes, I take a risk of leaving security of current state (vulnerability) and hope for rewards of new state - fear + desire + duty + love (FDDL).
		Every unit transition move - Talk Needs, Settle concerns, Propose wants.
			Eg - car parking - I need space and your parking lot is empty; the day you ask me to leave, I vacate it; I can pay 500 Rs for it.
		In our day today, we keep of standardizing our possibilities to leverage transitions.
			Eg - a new dispenser service in society - use it once to mentally standardize that possibility. Turns out that it is very useful in lockdown time.
			Eg - Driver as a service apps - used once or at least if it is even in knowledge then it can be leveraged.
EQ
	Kwality doesn't contain milk at all - complexion from palm oil - good innovation - bad product, No quality, only kwality.
	Land stays in its worth but construction devalues - his investment in 1 BHK - PG and break even in 7-8 years his plan.
	When rates start shooting up - middle income groups change the location - why liquidate and thinking that they don't belong there and incentive for liquidation so their psychology keeps their status there.
	Mutual Funds - bank never allows itself to get loss - their units are calculated considering their margins.
	Problem is what's the best - why not go for many goods than 1 best.
EQ - News, Story, Anecdotes - News is external, Story is interesting flow of events with yourself, Anecdotes are small experiences or events or observations (funny in some way).
	Story follows some state changes transition steps (may show ingenuity) - may or may not have preplanned narratives but narration over flow of events is important or transactional scenario that happened. FOE - what all could happen and scenario what happened.
		Here also we have usecases and new features we keep coming up with; then State transition is too big so FOE personalized and scenario that really happened.
	For anecdotes, the only basis is interactions and exploring what they are up to. My short encounters and something fun observed there.
	Eg - Bus gave old year's ticket not valid for another (this is personal anecdote after long time);
	Definition - is that anecdote is a short account of a real incident or person, often humorous or interesting while story is a sequence of real or fictional events; or, an account of such a sequence.
EQ - Slice, Dice, Fine Diced, Mince (very small fine pieces), Chop the veggies. Meshed.
EQ - 
	Normalizing 
		People over-reacting in USA over some police behavior vs in India - can't equate the 2 - cuz it has to be normalized b4 comparison - cuz diffn cultures and expectations, etc.
		Shock seeing other cultural norm - but cuz normal distribution.
	#Why you are applying outside right now - waiting for some sullet to get shot in air b4 racing starts.
EQ - Being cheap just means not paying the price for usecases or others.
	worry, affects, relp, impression destroyed so it's a compromise of possible promises in future, etc.
	but to be cheap is ur right - like other anarthas but intelligent ppl stay away from it.
EQ - Another disadvantage of being cheap is you ignore things worthy of consideration - save 1 Re to lost 10 Rs opportunity. Kripana preyas shreyas.
	Eg - EQData - losing smartphone charger for sake of 10 Rs comb - 1 time use is anyways but lost far more valuable thing - small reward but compromise at ashram - why not? but never at expense of others important things - comb after smartphone could have be still ok.
EQ - what are worldly relp anyways - they are utils (not just consume but provide) - our enjoyment and service needs get addressed in the distributed realm.
	No1 is Krishna but all of them taken together in n clusters - can satiate the NIC to a significant degree in somewhat robust way. still it is destitution that u gotta make do with commodity hardware and simplistic softwares. Witha price which is seva - need not be saver pack.
	So distributed computing at rescue for worldly problems due not having relp with Krishna which is natural for us.
	in 1 phrase - we gotta "evolve thru" potential relp not just "evolve to".
EQ - Manipulation - affecting ideas - giving mental frameworks like education, KC, etc.
	Mental frameworks to destory you are called brainwashing - especially when it is against your self interest.
	brain no longer free to choose. Education restricts free thinking - yes and no. It guides us how to think thru frameworks but also may restrict us in natural thinking - eg caste system mistaught in schools.
	Buying into quack - ain't brain washing but manipulation. He doesn't ask you to sell yourself to a mental framework but taking advantage of your mental architectures to hack into your system for personal advantages.
	Idealism is manipulate in self interest and in the direction of tattva. Welcome to yuga of mass manipulation (psych-wise), resource manipulation, people manipulation, etc.
	Eg - advertisements study psychology - he is very likely to buy it if we do xyz things. These manipulated people socially approve and disapprove certain behaviors.
	Eg - Terrorists buy into mental frameworks and supporters or sympathizers also are similar to a good degree. The bad preachers of madrasas are manipulated by their teachers (in recursion) and they manipulate the guests of their place with fabricated logics and angles of visions or views. Political advantages from their sense of safety and desires, etc.
	IIITB courses - Big Data Foundation, Maths 3 courses, AI, ML1, ML2, Neural Nets (Advanced Algorithms), Computer Vision (CNN, etc), Sequence models (NLP, RNN, etc), Machine Perception, DIP/DSP, lots of systems and application courses - so diffn specializations. DA (DS high level), data modeling, GIS, etc. Distributed computing (that's systems specialization - have worked in that in hadoop and nosql but interesting in the sense of docker, kubernetes, etc.!).
EQ - Informal friends list - Center of attraction - Anjani, Anish, Shishir, Paresh, Pankaj, Prasoon, Kinjal, Sanchit, Rohit, Devesh, Aniket, Anand, Manish, Vaibhav, Vikas, Aditya, Anand, Manish.
	SAP - Raja, Pratekk, Pranay, Manoj, Gurpinder, Raviraj, Ubedh, sampath, etc.
	Befriend them on some social network.
EQ - Male Hormone Cycle
	https://www.myhormonology.com/learn/male-hormone-cycle/
	Morning - highest T3 - compete in contest, solo project, driving route, passionate.
	Afternoon - middle - team work, brainstorming, pitching ideas to clients, date.
	Evening - lowest - enjoy relaxing activities, cuddle with partner, rejuvenate energy with instruments, exercises.
	exceptions - affected by activities and experiences
		spikes on alcohol, caffeine, action movie, sexually attractive person, competes, video games, chess, watching favorite team.
		impulsive and more risk taking - ads marketing to males uses attractive models for this reason. Spends money and take financial risks.
		your team wins and then celebrations while rioting in the streets.
		plunge when your favorite team loses. Decline can make him blue, cranky or lethargic.
EQ - Language is multidimensional space with verbs and nouns in different cells. Once you know these 2 m-dimensional and n-dimensional arrays (these ain't matrices). It's just their cross products -  many dialects we wanna pick the most popular ones for acceptance.
	Nouns - I, he, you, Mohan, Country.
		Dimensions - Plurality, Karak, Gender.
		mein, assi; menu, sannu; mere naal, sadde naal; mere layi, sadde vaaste; merton, sadde ton; mera, sadda; mere ch, sadde ch|mein, assi;...(female pretty much same)
	Verbs - Study, Walk, Play, ride, Be - very important, etc.
		Dimensions - Plurality or vacan, Purush or Person (1st,2nd,3rd), lakaar, gender, do vs make do (padade ho, padhande ho jaan padhavande ho)
		kheda hai, khedade ne; khedada hain, padade ho; padhada haan, karde haan| karega, karange; karenga, karoge; karanga, karange|kita, kita; kita, kita; kita, kita| 
		...kare, karan; kar, karo; karan, kariye| karna chahida hai, ....| karda si, karde san;...| kar reha hai, kar rahe han; kar reha hain, kar rahe ho; kar reha haan, kar rahe haan|| kardi hai, kardiyan ne; kardi hain, karde ho; kardi haan; karde haan| karegi,...|kita,...| kar, karo,..| Karna ....! padhanda hai.....! Padavanda hai.....
		Be - hai, han (urban)/ ne (rural); hain, ho; haan, haan| si, san; si, san; si, san| hoyega, honge; hoyenga, hovoge; hovanga, hovange| hove, hon; ho, hovo; hovan, hoiye| hona chahida, hone chahide; hona, hona; hona, hona| si, san; ...| reha hai, rahe haan;....|| ....! NA.....
	Statements types by tone - declarative (Statement.), interrogative(Question?), imperative(command.), exclamative (exclamation!)
		interrogative (W5H) - what, why, how, when, where, "which, who, whom" (folow sometimes noun dimensional space like karak - eg - kinanu). 
			ki, kyun, kedan, kadon, kithe, kaun (derivatives of ki - kenu, kinanu).
		exclamations - one word jargons (wow, ouch, damn, OMG, etc) and frequently used expressions (standardized statements - that hurts, how cute she is, gimme a break, etc).
			O Balle! Chakk de phatte, sannu ki, ki fark penda hai, chhaddo pare, mitti pao, etc.
EQ - even political motivations also have some degree of genuineness and that should be encouraged and treated awesome.
	Eg - Many britishers voted for party that would free India and other countries after WW2 - but that could just be a narrative spin to suit yourself 
		nevertheless thinking about it or even mentioning it means it may even have very small weightage but it does have 
		it could very well be narrative told to you individually so that you feel good but actual reason was economic falldown cuz of german people 
		nevertheless if it was publically declared it had some weightage, may be miniscule one. 
		Cuz that already limits your political boundaries of what you can do in future 
		who would like that - they can be questioned now and in future for their decisions in the past and present respectively based on this spin.
		So, sure it has some weightage but may be very less in the function which returns classification of freeing the country to 0 vs 1 in the classification problem final resulting formula.
EQ - preferably don't mix 12 rasas with each other in overlap but only their abstractions should be shared 
	concrete stories based on those abstractions is also ok but you don't keep open books across rasas like Krishna does in spiritual world.
	Too much mixing causes rasabhas and isn't very delicious anyways. Eg - Madhurya rasa isn't "revealed" in vatsalya rasa and so on and so forth.
EQ - Bank Departments - Budgeting, finance, retail - leads, customer making, customers expanding.
	Branch Manager, Deputy Manager, Assistant Manager, Management Trainee, Trainee - She is deputy manager.
	Front end customer facing team - we get customers for mutual funds different segments passed on to curvy and ASM who collate and forward forms to Axis Bombay Team who directly invest into companies - this in turn affect employee's engagements - if LIC stakes purchased then lots of LIC sellings from AXIS bank side and some share goes away with MF investors but remaining is the benefit and they do offer lucrative things to the employees who sell them.
	Kritika has also worked with MCX 3rd largest and she was topper from 3 colleges in Bombay and got her photo in hall of fame in MCX as well for her work and got her offer for Hydrabad but chose Bombay over it. Later they came for offer in bombay but already engagement in bank and can't give it up.
		This had a background why she didn't like Hydrabad - cuz Bombay love affair jihad and attack on girls hostel by love jihadis.
	So she got to engage her talent - marketing and finance specialization - got to engage that both.
EQ - The result of being cheap is you get the same behavior in reciprocation - consciously, subconsciously intuition (being like the person subject), karmic (from someone else).
EQ - Joke - I also faced this. Yes, me too or rather me 3.
EQ - Resume
	3 story tracks separated by time, revealing cross refs and independent stories culminating into single 
	apricot (khumani), anjeer - common fig.
	Be it raisins, dates, dehydrated mangoes (aam papad) and berries.
	Roasted - Chana, Munfalli, Matar, etc.
EQ -GA - General Anaesthesia.
	Fun, Ghanishtha relp also. sanatan dharma - vedic culture - culture means where the organism flourishes - good for growth.
	ashram - ashray - griha mein sharan - all ashrams take god's sharan in different ways - raksha and poshan of others.
EQ - Discussion - Services given to customers (many useful points emerged from this discussions) - fresh notes also added to PIES but following is important to get there.
	any services or favors given by shopkeepers are actually bets for future - benefit is seen in that investments. This is action in MOP. MOG and MOI courses of actions. 
	It is overriding human emotions or manipulating human emotions for the reward from them - so genuineness or authenticity is missing in the transaction.
		that's action in MOP or investment with reward expected or good treatment will reward them sometime.
	No work or reason - eyes are stolen from person - namaste karke manzoor nahi hai kisko. But this can't be a reason for making choice. Great add-on but can't be a basis of decision making.
	Eg - Mohan International Hotel - gave us free dinner but that didn't seem wrong - of course, it was investment and we are free to approach him again.
	Eg - Udhampur - if a purpose is visible then looking for opportunities to say namaste to them.
	Freedom can't be lost - when they start demanding rewards in exchange of some forced favor that's objectionable. We have to have freedom to say no and have the freedom no matter what the investment made before - so let them suffer for their investments or lack of authenticity.
	bete, it's a good behavior not bad - so don't dislike it. Psychological Manipulation is not bad but manipulation against someone's interest.
	Your work demands you have a customer so yes you are already biased to see a potential customer in anybody - but first it is not ethically wrong; high probability that you also believe in it else you would change your job - you feel good. So, in your mind you think to some tiny degree that you are also doing good to the customer - of course high reward for me - so classification of intent is affected by parameters my reward (high weight), customer's reward (small weight).
	Shor karte hain and st we don't and is beneficial - what to speak and what not.
	Role Models you see you like cuz like or like how you like to be; adopt also but to the degree that you find appealing - coming closer to who you are. Also, proposed and you accept it.
EQ - Afsos - why calling now, what happened, where's mother, were you alone, what happened, what age, not saying a lot - more to be said by her.
	Bhakti - your willingness to call is act of bhakti - it is complicated but not showing up isn't bhakti. Showing up with fears of being aptly sensitive is bhakti.
	Jnana - there is jnana available that trains you aptly. like in schools, etc.
		Pattern recognition - 
			What happened details - course of events that happened details.
			Practical - how stakeholders responded and what's the action plan.
				no pass so could not go there and only called - red zone ropar, delhi red zone, video call.
				Kiraya after 11th day and all afsos b4 that. Haridvar astiyan in 4-5 days.
			Addressing emotions - stakeholder's emotions and practical needs to be addressed.
				emotions log
					let her express herself - empathetic listening - repeat what they said in empathetic way.
						triggers - Sweet memories must be there. What was last interaction.
					My reactions and emotions - buzurgon ka haath sar par hota hai - got her blessings for marriage.
						relate with personal experiences.
					Individual reaction log
						How Abhinav reacted.
						Not allowed giving them concern - the walls eat you up.
				Addressing Problems - 
					mama ko bhi hosla do. It is complicated to console them as we look up to them but they need it. Time heals it. I know it is difficult.
					Focus on work becomes very difficult so can't concentrate on work at office.
			Spiritual touch - Gratitude, Seeing good in the situation, philosphical touch (aane waalon ne jaana to hota hi hai)
				Attitude and express it with eg - gratitude for blessings for marriage but not personal.
					Ham unko gratitude ke saath vida karen.
				Seeing good - She left at right time - say it aptly. Not trouble and burden on anybody. Fulfilled her responsibilities.
					She was diseased and had problems but not burden on anybody - tea cup picked herself.
				Solution - aane walo ne jaana hota hai.
	Dhyan - 
		In MOI it is obviously appear formality cuz it's apathy. 
		In MOP the art of owning the person thru best expressions of spontaneity - showing your concern - getting it thru so that it gets registered in his emotional books.
		In MOG, the concern is genuine and it is expressed aptly cuz knowledge has right application.
	Karma - Stories - narrated as a part of afsos. and stories from there.
EQ - School language studies (English, Hindi, Sanskrit; other foreign languages later on)
	Language learning - Grammar, Vocabulary, Phonetics, Culture, Alankars (Abstract level - ability to find fun).
	Worldly usages - 
		Speech - debates and discussions (analysis based), Phone conversation, story telling or recitation
			Declamation (different tones), Making a presentation (proposal based).
		Writing - Report writing, advertisement, essay writing, Application writing, letter writing
			Story writing (SSB interview).
		Reading - summarizing, making notes		
		Do it yourself (pattern recognition) - bargaining (or negotiation skills), befriending skills, More - console a friend.
	DMPM - Need lots of data. Ability to organize in flow of thought (fluency, CAT), express that data aptly.
		School level studies of other subjects are utils for data also.
	About - we study many a times as burden - but study is so relevant from social perspectives also. 
		Spiritual perspective a little more should be done - people throw crap in streets - personal self interests > social well being of cleanliness. That's just eg but overarching theme so yes, spiritual aspect is underplayed - for eg Japan does better than us in this.
		Rather than saying people are donkeys inherently we have to understand they just behave as per their learnings, impressions, etc. They are not trained in values. So lo behold the outcome. So, we need law enforcements to elicit a behavior cuz that's not implicit in subtle body. Now it is trade-off freedom vs penalty.
		Such simple IQ principles are not taught also - Ask for help, Willingness to accept corrections, etc.
EQ - Marketing - Alpha M
	1:06 Build rapport
	2:54 After building rapport, you can now give recommendations
	4:42 Demonstrate the result and the product
	5:57 You're really selling yourself and the product is just a part of it
	8:00 Be congruent with what you're saying
EQ - Conflict Resolution or Confrontation
	The 5 things you can do to command respect (in order): 
	1. Know how to defend yourself
	2. Honest Conflict has more social value than Dishonest Harmony 
	3. Avoid being absolutely right - know that your opinions and perceptions are fallible 
	4. Confront a particular behavior and not the person
	5. Realize that you dont have a conflict with the person, but with a pattern of behavior
EQ - Funny
	0:35 - #1: Adopt different characters.
	1:31 - #2: Adopt the tone and mannerisms of the character.
	3:39 - #3: Have good comedic timing.
	6:29 - #3: The fake out. unpredictable (sharp turn)
	9:31 - #4: The comedic simile.
	10:28 - Final mindset. Highest priority or driverseat of humor.
EQ - Popular - Being Likable
	0:31 - Reason #1: He directs praise towards others.
		humility - think of yourself less. Compliment - appreciate the praisers and others.
	2:05 - Reason #2: He exudes zen-like presence.
		jokes - how stay down to earth - well, gravity.
	3:15 - Reason #3: He uses enthusiastic hand gestures.
		story is coming. avoiding eye contact is bad. 
	5:12 - Reason #4: He embraces his type.
		modality - visual, audio, kinesthetics - how it felt - words can't express it. Visual recall - fast speech. auditory recall; internal dialogue zone.
	7:03 - Reason #5: He lives generously.
		unrushed with fans. no one wants to hangout with homeless.
		what matters to me and what doesn't.
		what happens at death - those who love us will miss us.
EQ - Confidence - Rock. Actually smalltalks.
	1:55 3 ways to build anticipation to captivate listeners (presentations)
		I generally have mike, they don't wanna listen - if I move my leg then answer is; if both then. That 1 moment changed my life by way people responded.
	4:43 How to make a good first impression by answering basic questions in an interesting way (most people don't do this) - smalltalk
		what I will tell you why. no1 cares for literal answer - tell story on what went wrong. story that went over years (resume kind). Smile, preamble.
		people wanna learn something to like about you.
	8:15 How to tell stories that impact people and have them hanging on your words - story telling.
		volume, body language, facial expressions.
		feel the emotion yourself as you tell a story. gripping to watch.
	13:36 How to be a loveable leader - being likable
		lavish in his praise. friendly touch - I like your question. People like you for creating these feelings for 7.
EQ - Joke Abstract from Friends YT video.
	he pretends - e1 pretends they don't hear you (truth telling)
	same tone as Dr Ross
	manipulation - take a walk it doesn't concern you. I live here - then you look with us cuz what if that happens.
	That's terrible - we do it every year - that makes it not terrible (context not breaking)
	simile - always bested us that wily winx.
	Prediction - PS Chandler I knew they'd break you.
	Insecurity - you don't look under my gym bag, right. 
	Fantasy - Well, that didn't happen.
	any coconut flavored deities (something weird extended as normal)
	manipulation - you know you want these boxes - wait, I will give you first for free.
	not as intended - hug and that's too tight (mood change)
	what are you doing here, weird turtle man (truth telling and role keeping).
	charity on fire (double meaning) - unintended - fire grows on throwing alcohol thought as soft drink.
	context - father used to stumble - not merry christmas - who said anything about christmas.
	I know what she is going thru - how do you - she told us (conceptual to literal change)
	sharp turn - did you wrestle - and I won - you weighed 200 pounds - powerful for you now - wanna go now.
	gentleman facade (truth telling) - take napkins for ice - they jump on ice.
	point proven (hopeless!!) - guests are becoming jerks - I was next.
	I missed you - who did you miss the most (dielema creation). Gotcha (wink) - private spaces 
	they can't fire cuz I quit; I should do what I like - what do you like - I didn't think this thru (truth telling)
	your being here is the best gift; now gimme the real gift (sharp turn) - donation made in your name - I can't even return it.
		this problem - my problem is bigger (relative)
EQ - Cricket on BYD
	Master Data - recording the entities which gonna participate.
		Players
		Teams
		Games
	Transactional - recording the happenings.
		Active Game
			Baller perspective - Over - 1:6 - delivery response (individual item rows) - Next row follows certain rules (like determining the batmans - new wicket then choose-able)
			Batting perspective - Bad one - proceed with baller perspective only.
	Analytics Data
		Batting team
			Attribs - Score, Wickets
			ScoreBoard
		Fielding Team
			Attribs - Overs
			FieldingBoard
EQ - being unpredictable like badminton in relationship adds quite a flavor.
EQ - Politics in life (home discussions - powerful and my take)
	People associate with opulent ones - jide ghar daane, ude kamle vi sayane - actually this is along lines of 6 exchanges - the ones you are like or like you like to be - associate with them to get there - your realm changes. So, harsh reality but also natural and expected reality.
	Information sharing across world - different levels of informations and levels of people to share them with - as per level all the levels above till that one can be shared.
		Secure / Personal information, Private Information, Protected or confidential or internal information (party relevant), public information.
		But that's true that you make yourself vulnerable when you share even private information in your private circle and publicizing that information hurts relationship back.
		Sharing information with them also nourishes that relationship (6 exchanges) while making you vulnerable which is sign of valuing a relationship.
		Another strategy is to not share anything but that comes at cost of affecting (not much negatively but pretty much positively) relationships. So, good to do but not bad to not do. 
			Cuz information is also a political power - knowledge is power - it can be standardized to hurt you back. 
			Eg - sharing my shortcoming to my project mates and they in viva asked to explain that shortcoming part to present a poor image to my professor - hurted me by only 1 mark cuz prof otherwise knew me well but the message is clear.
			This strategy has a premise that friends are pulled to your opulence and will want to associate with you which is very true and information revelation gossips can be kept as last priority.
		In the standpoint of making yourself vulnerable by sharing information, you also get advantage of getting others' perspectives on the situation which makes you greater than yourself and also a tool to connect with yourself thereby helping solve the problem at hand with coming up with more wholesome model.
EQ - Movies on standardizing or normalizing weird behaviors in society like teen pregnancy or late pregnancy 
	while solving somewhat objectionable behavior from people you end up changing social norm (normal behavior) thereby shifting normal distribution wrt certain features.
	That is a result of overall society moving to MOP thereby asking for such behaviors from movies by rewarding such movies and punishing which are not and also getting affected.
EQ - psychological manipulation in MOG (Krishna and mature zimmedaar people in VA); subtext to discussions.
EQ - China backed out cuz of Indian power - military, economic, relationships power, group power and other concerns with other countries.
	If you have economic power but no military power - it will be snatched away like happened to Indians in 2nd millenium. No power of grouping; ethical understanding shortcomings.
	Also the so called muslim fighters had the power of cheap fights cuz one who has nothing to lose acts like that with lesser fear and the settled kings can't handle it.
EQ - What about apology - for self improvement - what do I have to improve on - even a little bit (there may be sth wrong with others also but how can I improve)
	always go for combo of humility and self esteem 
	feel free to express where you could do better but also why you were justified at acting the way you did and empathize with your past self and won't punish the past self.
	The knowledge is also power - so if this "weakness" is known that you value relationships - then it can be taken advantage of - threaten or blackmail to make you act in certain ways.
	So, regularize things by taking politically correct stand but do value relationship; you always have an upper hand in investing into every relationship.
EQ
	Bickering - why befriend e1 after 15 - for a reason cuz models are trained and changing them ain't so easy so gotta suggest like a friend.
		Eating speed neither too fast, nor too slow - normal distribution - try to be close to normal mean - that's to say that you are normal and not abnormal and accepted in that environment like meeting of admins and you gotta act like a king there.
	bad plan - to inform e1 and then discuss it with us about marriage dates and time.
EQ - Types of talks -
	dimensions - self (me and others). Times (past, present, future). Horizontal scale (me, family, district, state, nation, world). Vertical scale.
	Viz - 
		Talk Jnana - abstract school type learning.
		Talk karma - talk case studies or stories or anecdotes
		Talk dhyan - talking head on for a purpose.
		Talk bhakti - talk meta. talk plans, schedules, etc.
		Other dim - Talk - at what level - tech, engg, Arch, Sci.
		Talk Topic - ERP based dimensions. Talk finance, talk SCM, talk SRM, etc.
			eg - talking purchases, talking experiences (services), talking HR who's who rise fall, talking finances.
			Material Master talks, Service Talks, HR talks - who's who - where is e1, etc.
				talking about your experiences.
				Talk about buying. Contracts, RTS.
				Orgs - Locations hierarchy, etc. Enterprise, Company, BuRe/ Site, LoA, Aisle / Bins :: India, Punjab, Amritsar, Locality + Home, Rooms.
	Spiritual Talks
		Philosophy talks - reality - nature of world - abstraction of material world actions, etc talks. Funde, Jnana.
	Ego talks
		Our vision, Our state of being - future, present, past. Talk is "what's ideal"
		Case study of world state of being.
	Intellectual talks
		goal - all times. Arch discussions after all parties pursuing their visions.
		Detailing how it works.
	Mental talks
		joke - with no reactions.
		trigger emotions in others.
	Sensual talks - having fun, talking fun.
	Eg - talk meta - slow work - telling labors that we can't displease guests it is relationship of that kind.
EQ - Man, Woman - head, neck. So, they want you to take lead and show yourself as a leader. But controlling the leader is what they are good at.
	That way females are real controllers.
EQ - he may make mistake we won't
	unity price - ignore certain things. ruse nu fatafat manaa leyida hai. Not really Immediately but shorty it should be done.
		Not Immediately - to be confirmed
			That exposes your weakness which is exploitable any time and you reinforce this behavior in other person. Your sorry loses value cuz of his resistance - retain weight of "sorry" for future. 
			Don't emerge as standless man from discussion - that conveys I will not act again like this so who's the loser. So deep learning and then realize somewhere you need a change. If you want peace then be prepared for war and agreements else both parties start to lose.
		do it shortly else - brooding makes things worse.
	weakness exposed when fatafat manana and sheh giving to other. we just value love far more.
	you don't cut gold giving hen but what if hen keeps biting every now and then -> it means you are overly dependent on the hen and you should start finding substitute - who stole my cheese story.
		but my only concern here is stratification of responses - we don't have to ping someone.
			political maneuvering like giving punishment for bad behavior - within limits is totally tolerated by anyone but crossing them then one gets serious
				eg - Infy lady who used to laugh at class jokes but once she got upset - boundary crossed 
			In kali yuga generally the boundaries are small - a small bad behavior and we are busted, we forget all gratitude of past.
				Eg - Even here, now that the verbal discussion was escalating, why did I keep firing verbal bullets forgetting all thanks of the past to him. So although not externally visible but internally my tolerance was also trespassed which angered me.
			what is the fallback - we don't go for worst stand immediately. We can grade our responses - many a times, the next best works perfectly well 
				like just letting someone know that a certain behavior is not liked by you and can we have relationships outside of the objectionable area. Most people would say yes.
	Current times is a little weird - many people don't remember gratitude of whatever degree after growing up and once they are earning they are independent.
		they can't be threatened into acting in certain ways. That's why befriend after 15.
		PS kali yuga is just abstraction of what goes on and if you are whining, this is also a shortcoming that you have failed to adapt to current age.
	Similarly, pulling wrong triggers when I said to Sunil that I am not in alignment with that in a meeting - so it had a small reaction but reaction for sure.
		so not that we have to chicken out of troubles ; yes, they are best avoided.
	Overdependence should always be avoided - this doesn't give you a reason to mistreat servers but having ability to take the best pick and resilience and grit when something doesn't work as anticipated.
		At such time, the Plan B or your fallbacks and perseverence of standardizing EQ deep and wide comes to rescue.
		Not just standardizing deep and wide is enough - also should have had experienced it once. Even loss in such experiments isn't as big loss as not acting or not knowing.
EQ - Shehad ki kuppi.
EQ - Interesting shoes
	https://www.amazon.in/French-House-Patent-Leather-Formal/dp/B085HXZDNT/ref=sr_1_15?dchild=1&qid=1592122023&refinements=p_36%3A150000-250000%2Cp_n_material_browse%3A2022359031%7C2022365031&rnid=2022056031&s=shoes&sr=1-15&th=1&psc=1
	https://www.amazon.in/gp/bestsellers/shoes/1983572031/ref=zg_bs_nav_%22s%22_3_1983518031
EQ - All office are ERP and All homes are ERP. To understand them - go with ERP approach and you can standardize almost all of them.
	Home - FIN, SCM (warehouses, Logistics Areas, Production Areas - Kitchen; Fixed Assets (Resources, etc)- Bed, Mattress, etc; Non-stock (consumables), To-Stock (Utils for productions). Services. 
		Service Agents - People coming to do work like paint 
		C-users - guests are like C-users so HCM.
	What does a person do - it is going to be an exit portion in the framework or fabric of ERP that a workplace has taken up.
EQ - Becoming wife is not a sudden change from 0 to 1
	it should be gradual so that she is not afraid about new future life but rather enthusiastic about it.
	so have you started calling her - especially last month - there should be every day calls.
EQ - Psychological manipulations are a lot like reinforcement learnings - actually latter is abstraction of former but it's ok to learn it other way around.
	In themselves they are not bad - dog learning to perform stunts was a manipulation but not necessarily bad. 
	Such manipulations make us good professional from a good student - good marks is positive reinforcement and so forth.
EQ - Bhiya, how well do you understand her - you know her school, college life, etc. So, topics of discussions should also include meta talks - HR.
EQ - Home trouble that so much to do - all we needed was a little scrum - philosophical response focus that it's ok but we won't trouble ourselves.
	Now once fundamentals are tight. Planning of work - enumerate all the work that's required and then plan things out - when, what could be done like scrum planning.
	Being explicit about the fact that you are all busy defending yourself and no concern on problem solving - manager role up.
	Once something is planned, the idea is not you will stretch to crazy degree to finish it but just that you would respect it.
EQ - Fighting 
	Not fighting is MOI and Always fighting is MOP - in this also - kshatriya spirit we need MOG
	right balance, right purpose, cause and full devotion 
	like unsullied army and like Dothraki - since birth this is what they have known (specialization).
	Fight has many levels - physical, intellectual, mental, ego, verbal, cold war fight, etc - let's just keep is simple and sweet.
EQ - Some charismatic people in west 
	well, it is their varna so but natural that they gotta be really good there - so much TME. 
	Plus, all upbringing and pushing thru trials, limits, competitions, TME, facing challenges - ensures something attractive should emerge outta that.
EQ - Civil Engg - Lanter, Electricity connections, Water connections plumber or committee and address.
	Iron plates, Iron frame, Cement ret bajri, water clogging, remove iron plates.
	Old times - hut, tent but tears, leakage, etc.
	Saloon, Parlor.
	Keys - all locks.
EQ - Mechanics - Simple Machines - Pulley, Inclined Plane, Wedge, Screw, Lever, Wheel Axle.
EQ - reactive vs responsive - digital analog thinking.
	being reactive vs responsive - being reactive is a very human response, not against that.
	But how much weightage and importance do we give to responding instead of reacting.
	like other things this is not 0 or 1 but a range in between.
EQ - Follow self love and accomodate or extend or leverage the self for others - give enjoyment vs enjoy with them.
EQ - Exploring Ashram realm. In terms of scrum - how to measure it and grow in Ashram realm and what is it all about.
	Explore what all comes here - how wonderfully Syami renders services at home? I have rendered financial services at VOICE (Ashram - Brahmacaryashram).
	Ashram Medium also includes 
		all sciences - life, chemicals, nature, etc.
		MBA - Commerce aspects of life. ERP - this view not only covers elements of ERP but also different domains like Health sector, etc.
			Sectors - Primary (raw materials), secondary (Processing - manufacturing, construction), tertiary (Services), quaternary (intellectual services).
				Primary - ?() roti, kapda, makaan, chemicals, etc.
				Secondary - Processed materials.
				Tertiary - include attention, advice, access, experience, and affective labor https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tertiary_sector_of_the_economy
				Quaternary - The production of information has long been regarded as a service by economists.
			Basis enum - Eating (restaurants), Sleeping (Mattresses), Mating (Fun activities like clubs, multiplex), Defending (healthcare).
		Psychology and its applications politics (at different scales and grains) like standardizing people (abstract to predict how they will behave)
		Civics at different granularities (along with its geography) and its economics.
			history (case studies of past)
		Communication - Lecture giving, Discussion/ debate, funny small talks, story telling, etc.
		Important points
			In this realm primary source of pleasure comes from emotions and feelings. 
			Master Data - Science (including psychology) - So, there is a need for understanding world firstly (master data) - foundational stuffs for exploration.
				Foundations Reuse Frameworks - Commerce view of life (MBA)
			Transactional Data - Social Studies - and then studying transactional details of life now and past (social studies) - emotional triggers.
				The smallest grain here is called home. Here we create transactions - to serve family and well-wishers.
				The transactions created not just on top of master data but also thru interrelationships and interactions with different grains and different parallel sessions across globe.
				This also has its own master data - standardizing products, services, usages, people, etc in order leverage them when needed in transactions.
					Lots of discussions happen over such standardizations.
			Config Data - How stuff happens here - culture.
			Analytical Data
				About - Context and then offer anything related for triggering emotions.
					another is take initiative to spawn or trigger a session.
				Communications Realm - Linguistics. 
					Story Telling or anecdotes (OLAP - slicing, dicing, roll up, drill down wrt contexts), 
					Jokes (Confirmatory - change frame of reference, less serious talks, emotions change)
						Abstractions - abstracting people, making equations outta discussions. Stereotyping, having fun with mannerisms, etc.
						inventing stories - hypothetical "what could have been" for fun.
						Figures of speech - shabdik and arthik.
						Sharp Turn.
						Misc - Mix it up.
					Logs of life - News
						similar to story telling but can be serious informations with no emotions necessarily
						Eg - what's latest with you. What happened all this while.
					Discussions/ debates (deep thinking - vision talks, use data to make points for theory), 
					Lecture (propose a theory that corroborates and lets us make sense of all data and make predictions).
					More - Different grains for all of the above - home, city, state, nation, world, etc.
				Analytics of the past - Social Studies History and related social subjects - quotes as per context to make a point - abstracts from history.
					nostalgia - recent past changes and evolutions.
				Analytics of the present - News (at different grains). Lots going on in transactional data across world, across times - we pick specific spicy ones as per TRP.
				Analytics of the future - Movies (SciFi, etc), Visionaries, etc.
			Q - where does roaming new places fit? 
	Ashram use case includes serving the family, serving the partners (primarily guests, friends, relatives and party folks).
		how to measure and keep improving - specific time allotted for studying Ashram subjects or revising them.
		4 hrs every day evening on weekdays for nothing but Ashram Dhyan and resulting karma - the act of TME on Ashram is bhakti and resume making can go on.
		You can keep evaluation your knowledge of subjects and ability to leverage them properly like I could be funnier there, OR bargaining could a little better there, etc.
		to what end - horizontal growth of ashram realm. 
			Your services should grow beyond home (ability to easily conduct and handle homely events) 
			and should include relatives, friends circle be huge; and further more (better posts and positions - theoretical equivalent of varna)
	Ashram is not substitute for Krishna and none of the spouse is Krishna so can't replace the spiritual cravings of the soul.
		but like intellectual world can very deeply satisfy you and can make you happy if things are compatible and complementary, etc. 
		You will be very happy and stable for KC but it won't satiate you so much that one can do without Krishna.
		well, like heavens the inebriation of happiness or pleasures are really high but heavens can substitute the soul's spiritual cravings.
		Don't enter into ashram with pessimism that it's not Krishna 
			no1 is, even in intellectual realm no1 is but they do satisfy you and help you evolve as per Krishna's arrangement by proper reward punishment system.
		And don't be so much in illusion to expect Krishna out of worldly relationships - be a little realistic that people can only try their best.
EQ - Polity - Labelism. Giving a spin to a narrative. Or building up an undesirable impression of a person.
	Giving a label in order to affect impression of a person and person will act in some way to alleviate it.
	But if contextual then it doesn't cause personal enimity if labelled outta context then it seems like an enemy.
	Eg - he is already looking for a way to run. Eg - The fact that you ain't talking means that you are fearful (it could be "must be" and not "are" but that's also polity part).
EQ - Very useful for ashram is "In their brains" attitude (not just in your shoes) with following benefits as demonstrated by Syami Bhaji.
	Fun from Truth teller - Politics exposed - smallest of follies that people can laugh at.
	In their shoes -
		either to have fun with smallest mistakes. 
		Or exposing politics for fun. 
		Or ensuring the completeness of transaction (dependable if he is there, the task must be well done). 
		Instant correction for getting impression; or making the other person better.
	Share your wonders and emotions inline or anecdotes later - Eg - Solar eclipse and sun can't throw light just see.
EQ - Polity - Bad Example - equation standardized not just for the session but across the sessions for quoting later to snatch authority from a person.
EQ - To be architect or manager or scrum master or anything - start playing that role officially or unofficially at every opportunity that you get.
	Generally people accept the flow and should follow the flow - you start a discussion that how should we plan for an event then your propositions should be aligned with and other can reject the approach to plan making only with a reason. Like mama proposing then Papa must comply.
	Like in GD during placements in colleges - first one to speak is respected - many people align to the paradigm set by first one; 7 can disagree of angle of vision and spawn a new way of thinking about the problem.
EQ - why judge a person based on caste, etc labels - see although you can know a person completely only after staying with them although that can also have flaws
	but it is very convenient to go with and estimate a person's behaviors which are generalized with say 80% accuracy that a label Punjabi => I already know something about you - although that can be flawed cuz of bias of equating you with a stereotype punjabi nevertheless it is a good approximation in absence of other details. Then you tell it's a male - I bias reduces and I know further more about you and then you are an engr - still more and ever reducing bias but a good estimate based on past experiences (Bayes' theorem - beliefs) and trained models.
	so although not fully accurate but a convenient and natural and desirable approach for worldly functioning - it happens on the time.
	Forcing your expectations of your label from a person - no, that's not expected.
	Like their experiences get shaped by their experiences, our experiences also get shaped by cinema, etc - I have seen many times - cinema sharing its confusions with gullible public.
EQ - be comfortable, secure with yourself and perform empathic listening - looking at others picture in a non-judgmental way and then responding with your take to help them.
EQ - Family ERP, City ERP - Leadership, ERP, FIN (Banks), SCM (Primary raw materials movements facilities thru trains, etc), SRM (imports across state and country), CRM (exports and Productions), HCM (?)
	steps - News for society - and that's all they matter - the rules that befall on business community.
	Next your Social and business community - business community itself is an ERP. Can you describe your workplace completely (using whatever but EPR model most effective) - same thing for other scales or grains.
	Family is an ERP. Describe your home - ERP - better if you can explain it in past, present, future. Master Data, Transactional Data.
	We discuss about our purchases PPF (Past Present Future) and strategic decisions - why those decisions - why ac in this location, why wires are visible, why that ac looks old, etc.
EQ - Discussions source - follow ups on any transaction started in planning. Eg - ask about Una trip.
EQ - Story sources - talking itself is a story in the making - logs or anecdotes integrated over a time to make an interesting thread; content of the talk can contain some stories.
	Ensure 2-3 anecdotes or content-based stories every day from all frontiers of life - PIES.
	World News - Hearing news => 70-80% of story telling in EQ taken care of (social - international, national, state, regional)
	Community News - what remains is community (work community, social community, spiritual community) - important things escalated in some forums. 
		Standardize and associate in events for once.
		Stories in the contents like in spiritual circle and small talks with devs (devs are already a great KC story that happened and is happening and will happen)
	Family news - project working on, events tasks, etc.
	Personal News - your personal scrum extended to others.
	More - These anecdotes give content but they can be decorated by Jokes or figures of speech or alankars.
		Stories are always in the making - just gotta pay attention. Laugh at your own mistakes.
		Generalize from personal or 7's behavior - reflections on goal trace across days, month, etc.
EQ - Playing Games (as act of love not grats)
	Environment Setting - T3 High, health, favorable surroundings.
	Talking - kicking it off with emotional connect.
	Mood Setting (Lifting up, shower, surface plays) - realize what's going on.
	Love Making - Foreplay
	Indulge
	Postplay
EQ - little restrictive (or protective), high reactions (good in one sense for learning but constraining still)
EQ - Raising a child concerns on defining cost, profit functions (highly affected by MMN)
	too high - it discourages actions or initiative taking cuz of sheer effort required to get there. Person can let himself loose cuz high reaction for even small mistakes so nothing stopping bigger mistake cuz used to reactions.
	too low - child can try out but vulnerable to cheating and mistakes.
	it should be in range and subject to seriousness.
	wide range in general is good.
EQ - HomeErp - Non functional Security Requirements.
	Discussions - if too simple and anybody can give good idea, then it's ok to be quiet. Also it's ok to be quiet if it's way too complex and you don't have anything new to offer.
		but still you should speak to offer completeness thru new ideas, angles of vision, etc. Ensuring completeness thru raising concerns. Giving Svikriti if all well.
		if you wanna give a frame or arch to e1 - then be a leader in the discussions and e1 contribute. If you don't like 7's lead or frame then raise shortcomings with that approach and offer alternate way of looking at things.
		In any case throwing ideas at architecture.
		If nothing to contribute to the table then learn from the flow of events or execution trace so as to contribute next time.
	Production + Purification - cleaning of assets - clothes, utensils.
EQ - Backtracking.
	Most of the Problem solving in the ashram realm is looking at the final picture and backtracking what needs to be done to make a graph - then topological sort on those tasks.
	But most optimal solution takes a little AI thinking or business mindset or discussions/debates on candidate final states, stability, fallbacks (Plan B), etc.
EQ - Quiz. Playing servers - harfanmola - let's sing some songs. Dance on this beat. I can do yoga, etc. Don't be demanding from people but it's fun this way.
EQ - Discussions - What's going on; hat's wrong with you or someone or something. Some jokes of past recall.
	make assertions based on past events like you know how she slaps herself.
EQ - Home ERP Exits (similar to previous one with only focus on process model in mind and not its data model)
	management - strategy
	CRM - Guests
	HCM - fun, rapport. Stories, games, music.
		food, cleaning/ quality
	SRM - buying
	Accounting.
	Analytics - Descriptive (story, abstract, nature, groups), Exploratory (hypothesis testing, uncovering hidden stories, funde), Predictive (given past experience, what will happen or should be the case)
	Exploration + Innovation - What is and what could be better.
EQ - Vidai like - let emotions express - we desire it cuz grats and not snubbing the emotions. Small scale events are called plans - any plans for Thursday let's go movie watching or play game of cards - these are small scale architect.
EQ - Erp like transaction data in eq can come to actions in many forms 
	event based action when a then b; 
	time based action at 2pm; 
	opportunity based action - oh you are into shares plz guide me or detail me;
	independent action clean this room sometime in the day, 
	sequential dag graph actions. 
	Syami is always bubbling with action cuz of 1 of these.
EQ - Discussion - 1 idea for discussion is - pivot - any topic - tell your experiences with it 
	even when they are not interesting or more or less - just detailing but fun can be embedded thru art of joking or story recall. 
	This is very powerful and tells the other person that I am like you. Even raise the non-confrontational aligning statements that your political beliefs are also same.
EQ - Lapse - Home ERP HR Induction - Do many improvement required - when EQData lapse - Kritika comes to home first time - why did she have to ask who's who - why did I not introduce e1 independently and while meeting for first time with perfect endearing intro.
EQ - Polity - Another psychological technique is contribute but go missing for a while and let them sense their dependence on you. Eg - Syami denying to go to Nangal.
EQ - Correctness vs political correctness gradients along growing intensity along relp from family, relatives, best friends, friends, allies, strangers, etc. Talks about nic+e on pies - talk about health, some past probs, what're some new interesting initiatives. Another dimensions - short term, long term.
EQ - Shadi Ritual - Kitchen entry - chaunki chaadhna.
	Security - toll help. 
EQ - Home ERP 
	Family - they accept the new proposal even new terminology - like backup bag - separation of concern - your room erp and common areas mgmt like kitchen, bathroom toilet. Workarea - washbasin relevant things. Cupboards for substitutes and sporadic usage items.
	Marriage also - purity is the force - for the purpose.
EQ - Home ERP - Exception handling at home - wash basin clogs? Acid to clear for the night after debugging.
EQ - correctness, political correctness (respect for e1's nic+e made explicit - impressions), political maneuver - like steps to ensure benefits - ain't wrong.
	Political correctness when factual nic+e is missing leads to fake which is boring but yet effective.
EQ - polity - sometimes you shouldn't tell something even if it's right course otherwise like beginning of relationship and corrections. But you can givr clues like over appreciation for small right thing or implicit exposure of existential discontent. Like Rajni dd perhaps upset that she wasn't called - 1 is avoid that discussion which was better - or tone should reveal reason implicitly - can't havr fun and raunak in the covid season - if relatives who attended are listening then can't say that there was no raunak (political correctness).
EQ - Car driving like platform with many systems - Light, engine, music, health and mech parts like mirror, window or doors, windshield, temperature system - all CRUD supported? Horn - only create rather an action possible. Steering wheel is analog in nature.
	A layer superior to this is roads types lanes road rules, parking, traffic controls, road signs, etc. This layer is also full fledged platform at least a framework.
EQ - Hubby is not by default respectable - he has to earn it but association will give success. Expression of activities by virtue of what's earned - sufficient friendship.
EQ - Lapse lesson - all my resources need to be in their best health. Syami called parents from baba udho.
EQ - Story basis - Jivani of ppl in hindi in school - same with yourself and others - from personal, professional perspectives, etc.
EQ - Home ERP - Travel - Journey checkpoint so that tell to them.
EQ - Never act in rash - what is told can be argued and fulfilled in some time. Sometimes postponing disucssion solves a problem.
EQ
	Fun as decoration of serious transaction vs fun as an integral part or goal of it.
EQ - All you gotta do is leveraging everything that exists - master data so that it can be transactional in requirement - working on shit all the time.
	All ID cards like marriage registration - process and needful docs to produce - lapse didn't recall dadaji name and details of relatives. Also initiative taking like arch - at least simulation roleplay.
	Like spiritual master, hubby gotta be intellectual master. Wife may be smart but husband's role doesn't change. If you seek nic+e from her - you are validation seeker - well good inputs to reinforce but don't be dependent on them. No need of affection, or approvals but only service.
EQ - Instant immature love vs Mature love - 7 says stay and stay outta love is instant love (can be immature - not the best expression of love).
EQ Ideas Discussion - Geography, driving - no transactions without master data - individual challenges then group challenges. Lots of homework to do there. 
EQ - Travel transaction 
	Inform b4 leaving, 
	update during travel, 
	inform after leaving, 
	unpacking can wait, 
	car lodging, 
	wash hands. 
	Packing with backtracking and exception handling.
EQ - Guest reception erp transaction - welcome thru kind words, blessings, etc, water and snacks, ask about travel, ask about their transactional data - dive into other data from that channel, recalls of past or future plans. Or/and skip to intent or purpose of meeting. Reflections on meeting and retrospections and plans. Permission to leave. Blessings.
EQ - guests reception with stay involved transaction - all previous steps of guest reception with (home) property tour and people tour, place tour (vicinity) - configs to enable them action during their stay - give them rest slots and a few activity slots - like movie, outing, etc - better still if you declare those plans. The regular plans like food menu related queries. Attentive to problems at regular interval or give a contact person for grievance redressal.
EQ - what about being a guest transaction - appreciate experiences, enrichment with stories and exploring any data type (master or analytical data). If they forget to share their details as a guest, seek them. Ask about amap about their master data, their transactional master data.
EQ - Communications - how to seek blessings for marriage, how to gel, etc.
EQ - Chicken man - good but problem was hr labelled himself but didn't take it as a challenge to make strength out of his weakness. Similar thing we have to do - we must bring strength from weakness. He could have become fire fighter afterwards like manjhi. This is what I have to do - perseverance for everything that matters. Story telling challenge yourself, driving to be taken to excellence. Tony's father who self pitied that he ain't enough - do something about it rather than beating yourself.
EQ - Networking - Not calling with purpose - did we start friendships with purposes or reasons? Fun talks and stories and short plans like having gol gappe.
EQ - All rasas 12 in world are horizontal expansion in material realm.
EQ - Life is serious fun - i love me serious, i love me fun. If her self expression need is dependent on hubby, what's need if neighbours and jobs and tv and clubs. No, my only job is just the 7 vows to transcendence in maturity not blindly and rest can be worked out based on maximizing your grats as per mmn. (Copy contents from whatsapp). In future, i want you to never act immediately on decisions, ask a range of people then introspection on self love - what do i want given all the details and then final response - no1 can stop you from that.
EQ - Convincing others in different layers - reduce discussion to logic vs reduce it to feelings - i like it or don't like it vs self acceptance, etc.
EQ - Exception handling for ashram which is Krishna's arrangement but real world with ppl with real anarthas which we should accept but not a fan.
EQ - While we want to get better, we don't reject or pity our current self but accept it and evolve our way forward. Eg - I am good and decent in social situations but there's a need to be excellent and arch there like Syami so keep learning but love myself no matter what.
	So sq perspective, all these are gonna be utils for sq just like pandavas had to fight and use politics but purpose was transcendental.
EQ - I call you mummy appa for a reason - plz feel free to correct me so that I can get better. Force change will make me unhappy and this will in turn affect Kritika cuz connected lives. So always evolution and not be what you are not.
	When they accepted me for marriage, you accepted what I was with all the details like nature but I am not stagnant I keep getting better - let's not be greedy with that change cuz that's not aligned with natural laws.
	In ashram, just like erp different levels - there's erp individual level - where there should be stability with all the nic+e of the "org" are taken care of - like spiritual needs by visiting places and bhajans of certain mellow and mode like artharthi - even these could be stemming from spiritual level of deep rooted desires to enjoy material world.
	Unhygienic street food - oh, I mean these days. Another thought, no covid patient nearby so we are safe with such risks.
	Koi baat nahi bhiya kha lo - ye karenge quarantine later.
EQ - Home ERP - Washing machine - we always perform work in exits - just ensure that all other exit points are also respected like water won't recoil during gushing outta machine.
EQ - Marriage Registration
	Passport
	Adhar Card - all
	10th Mark sheet
	passport size photos
	lava - photos and marriage certificate.
	mask photos.
	-->Vaseeka, Tahseeldaar.
	Need - cuz people have been faking.
EQ - Don't be in shadow. Gotta change don't refuse
	Networking - always a party person - girls like people who are life of a party. Being talkative - rather master communicator - who makes discussions interesting.
EQ - Jargon is meant for professional world but personal express it as simple as possible. Syami level is so trans at ashram expertise that no one can come closer to challenge his authority.
EQ - Insulting jokes are great tool in arsenal but keep deprecated accompanied.
EQ - Goli dena is a talent - goli MGMT. Even gaali dena is a tool.
EQ - Praise an effect by going to the cause or recipe. Always reciprocate x with 2x this is life rule - like Kritika bought chocolates for Syami cuz he mentioned it once.
	Question mark vs exclamation - show authority and confidence. Chaunki chadna - opportunity for lots of expressions dikhava and fun like pix. 
	Do leverage such opportunities - jija ribbon cutting, gaane khelna all meant to serve same purpose - affinity grows. 
	Put up a fight - rebels are considered pop and why not - it's fun to have world your way. But that's so cheap so be it. 
EQ - No frame isn't that I must win over her but that onus is on them to win over me. That's being alpha - and have your strong reasons. 
	1 cause of my problem is being a football - an architect must fight over feasibility and scope - of course reasoning gotta be good - affects relp - not really cuz that gives a person a sense of achievement. Agar aap bichh jaate ho, that's a weakness and not a strength.
	Fallback to orbits and not aar ya paar. Reasoning over it - that should be high class - what happens is anyways cheap from trans standpoint and doesn't matter too much.
	Never show your vulnerable side cuz that can be used to exploit you.
	Be a not nice guy - just a gentleman who cares.
	After Kanya daan why are they attached to their charity cuz we don't carry out rituals from their essence but try our best.
	The eg of what goes on in world are so much stuff for us to pick up. But we will select whatever will sync with us internally.
EQ - Surprises in installments - reduce the expectations of cooking and cook some day, etc. Thus fondness for you will go on increasing.
EQ - amazon tie with company - service agents for technical expertise for phone installation.
EQ - Story Framework for a person - Need based life locations why you went where you went. Concern and Interest based view - Problems or challenges faced there and what new experiences you cultivated. This is also a part of resume for Kritika. Another approach, history of different layers - when did you start health jogging, when did this problem of eyes start, etc.
	once this framework is in place. Then you can explore challenges faced, emotions exhaustive exploration, what all places they have visited for their experiences - new habits started during those phase, etc.
	After all this is done - do the same from your side - but if more exploration is required, then starts anecdotes of life - once this happened (small bearing on place).
EQ - Sq, Like Krishna, we shouldn't worry about past mistakes or sins but prayaschit and evolution from where we are. So, accept people in relp for what they are.
EQ - Communication in n aspects is just a skill to cultivate that kritika also cultivated when necessary.
EQ - Sm not maneuvered by subordinate cuz not insecure - very deep connect and devoted in his layer place - relp formalized for it to be non-fickle ain't trivial. He is a server in the relp not client or peer. But a subordinate eventually would represent sm and carry forward the legacy - while assisting sm's abhidhyeya to whatever degree. So, recruiting good disciple and not bad burden is imp for sm. Similar analogue to im - husband.
EQ - The gaps are planned by trans in marriage - Why wife not sm - cuz though both stable, wife more balanced but biased to emotional grats and opp for husband but guidance then husband more balanced and intellect trans from grats to utils. So, true with wife and also cultural and psychological, social practical considerations.
EQ - eb resume - Hobbies like every profession out there. Consumption - same thing - every profession out there end product experienced.
EQ - Architectural constraints of table. I like it to be flexible - ability to change things later.
EQ - not just focussing of current resume and engaging as per interests but also it's about growing your own EQ resume with other person like go for Laddakh trip, etc. Always think what's possible and new to be added to our resume like we do with IQ resume.
EQ - There's a correlation between layered anarthas. Eg Illicit when no VA. Intoxication when frustrated in Ashram. Gambling to meet demands of ashram or anarthas imposed on varna. Meat when varna is frustrated.
EQ - Ashram use case FDDL - emotions and experiences on material plane but spiritually - stability for better higher layers.
EQ - Personal layer, Social Layer, Political Layer, Undercurrent Layer.
	Talking about trivia related to entertainment - you know all scripts are planned for kapil sharma show - assi te bhand hi mannida hai.
EQ - 1 very important mindset is kisi ko kuchh na samjhna apne aage. Normalizing their serious statements with jokes or light moods.
EQ - There's execution trace or logs, there's story or narratives or anecdoes, there's impression or image, there's intent under that. People guess the latter from former and many a times go wrong but apply their conditional probability - many a times they are right also.
EQ - Polity - ensure that you keep log of details and neki kar dariya mein daal is in spiritual world. In material world you are a fool if you think so - neki kar aur yaad rakh bc aur yaad karvata reh (remind) ki woh cheez kitni badhiya thi.
EQ - My intuition is that it is demand that we place on the system for testosterone which causes its release and not other details - they are all superficial. You are with gf, anticipate nutty, impressing counterparts, showcasing your manhood, exercising your manhood, etc.
EQ - I really need TTT in life - actually that's wrong ask - what you really need is some end result and not these means - the chemicals will get secreted automatically, just challenge yourself for the game you wanna play.
EQ - Really listening - Asking right question - what is this protection talked about.
	Honest - I have innvent presentation tomorrow and another work related so time will be spent together - and people respect that!
	The idea is that give people their space.
EQ - Why worry - in worst of worst cases as long as we live, nothing is a problem. We fear financial loss - those things come back, we fear reputation loss - as we have it anyway. Think of our existence in universe at different levels down to city level. So live a chill life.
EQ - we don't choose or want pain for growth but rather we accept the pain necessary for growth.
	It's not tapa that gives fruits but paying the price which may involve tapa that gives fruits. So, don't fall for choosing pain - it's not the thing.
EQ - mujhe to samajh nahi aa raha ki kya way out hai. She doesn't like this person. Do we have to live even if we know it's miserable for both of us.
EQ - don't make things worse than they are. Don't anticipate the worst case scenario but prepare your mind for worst case scenario - 50% maintenance? would I not give her that if she were to stay with me giving me misery along with the monetary liability. I can reduce my package and depend more on business sources.
	also avoid calls in work hours and spiritual hours - the calls relating with ashram subject matters. Cuz while in 1 microrealm, a justice needs to be done to it, no matter what.
EQ - All rasas brainstorming with ideas and essence - exploration. Different emotions.
	Sad or tears 
		Grave of fireflies - all hiding in love worth nothing her sister already knew everything.
		Schindler's list - very particular about his work throughout movie and won't lose employees but in the end, breaks up, I could save some more, don't need rings, etc.
		Forrest Gump - Simpleton who really loved a sly girl.
		Life is beautiful - illusion to his son while suffering all the while. Game saved him while dying.
		Titanic - All attempts and going out of the way to meet your love finally dismal.
		The boy is striped pajamas - Caring rich boy (son of execution officer) dies in torture chamber.
EQ - Emotions - https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_emotions (will make Sume for all emotions wrt personal experiences and thru movies and all)
	Supersoul - blessed.
	Soul - Love/hate. Relationships - Conjugal, Friend, Child, Boss/ Master with their counterparts.
	Ego - Admiration / insult, Adoration, Appreciation (aesthetic), Awe, contempt/ disdain (bad appreciation). Pride.
		?Hero or chivalrous
	Intel - Empathetic pain (Compassion, kindness, pity), achievement, ?Inspiration. !Guilt (achieved undesirable thing), Helplessness (unable to achieve something), motivated (to achieve)
	Mental (organized later) - Surprise, Satisfaction, Sadness, Romance, Relief, Amusement, Boredom (Interesting), Joy, Nostalgia (?lamentation), Entrancement, Fear / Horror, Excitement, Anxiety, Calmness, Confusion, Awkwardness, ?Comedy, ?Agitation. Thrill.
	Sense (body and sense objects) - Sexual desire, Anger, Craving, ?Creepy, Disgust, beauty, tasty/ delicious.
	Mental layer emotions Organized
		Lust (hankering)
			Not Sure - Confusion. Shame, shy.
				neutral prediction - anticipate or expect.
			Met - Greed, amusement. Joy. Constant - entrancement.
				gonna be met - hopes / despair.
				Unexpectedly met - Surprise.
				Anticipation just b4 satiation - excited.
				Fear of being revoked or lost chance of meeting - fear.
				after revoked - depress.
				comparison with others - envy, jealosy.
			Not Met - Anger. Boredom. Sadness.
				and then Met - Relief.
		Lamentation. Nostalgia.
		Calm / Peace - Satisfaction
			Let go of seriousness - Comedy.
EQ - I will cross the bridge when I come to it.
EQ - Ashram Decision - why marry (madhurya rasa)
	Fear - Security - Problems taken care of.
	Desire - Rewarding - get to contribute the most and is very rewarding to you.
	Duty - stability - standardized, can talk about it. You are happier and worry less - can now focus on things that matter.
	Love - Fun being with someone - no track of time - it's me you say.
EQ - AC Master - On/off, Temp, Fan, Mode, Swing, Timer, turbo, air direction.
EQ - Vocab - narrative is a story with a beginning, middle, and end. A narrative is a story about a person or group and how that person or group changes over the course of the story.
	Linear Narrative. A linear narrative presents the events of the story in the order in which they actually happened. ...
	Non-linear Narrative. ...
	Quest Narrative. ...
	Viewpoint Narrative.
	1st person, 2nd, 3rd person.
EQ - Finding mistakes also means that you have understanding of perfection (Social Studies, etc) and know its shortcomings like they should not be walking like this.
EQ - Repents - Choking lizard in window, ant put in web, watching down the roof, misguided thoughts for fascinations.
EQ - Marriage Episode
	A little upset cuz of attachment to being a good eg in VA but KC is not about attachment to stories or narratives but devotion in spite of these - they may impact each other and inspire others, sure but that's side thing. Did pandavas have to go thru that - was their story/narrative the point of focus or its acceptance and moving on with higher principles was the point in spite of the stories.
	Also upset cuz of personal FDDL - but ashram is not determined by a person but your temperament and attitude - endear every one you meet and distribute love and care everywhere - somewhere it will cross bounds to call it next level like friends, best friends, relationship, etc. No1 is stopping you to take ashram to excellence from where it is.
EQ - Ditch relp if
	You don't like yourself - if you liked yourself more b4 meeting him.
	feel tiptoeing around him - don't wanna tick them off.
	family friends think you should break up
	you are only 1 trying to make it work
	keep hoping he will change - yes maybe they will but no guarantee they won't revert.
	you hold on to good memories - present and future are important reasons.
	you feel suffocated - need for space, you feel trapped.
	settling cuz of fear - of all "what ifs"
	you feel disrespected by him - words or actions belittle you; they underestimate you or think you won't ever measure up. Make you think lesser than what you really are. She should believe in you and not make you feel you deserve less.
	holding on cuz of social pressure.
	You'd rather do anything else than spend time with them. Be honest with yourself
	partner shows signs of violence.
	jealosy or suspicion.
	still hung up on ex.
	if your relp needs to be kept a secret.
	you've broken up and gotten back together more than once. Such relp is confusing to both.
	You keep wishing for someone else.
	You google to look for a sign that you should break up.
	2 of you don't communicate well.
	You feel lonelier than you were single. Should surround with love and not make each other feel emptier.
EQ - Robust and resilient. Indecision. Weak heartedness.
EQ - What to do for others in Ashram.
	Senses - food items planned, cooked, ordered, etc, audio songs, videos for eyes, fragrance, etc.
	Mental - Essence PPP or fayda nuksaan for e1 so G/L A/C (1st person, 2nd person and 3rd person)
		7 secondary rasas for generic and 5 primary rasas for specific details.
		For 1st or 3rd person (-0+) - Compassion; Anger; Heroism or amuse (state vs transition). Essencially, Predator prey stuffs and wow factor.
		For 2nd person - fear (Journal ledger for G/L a/c ppl); wonder or surprise (sudden pleasant or painful experience like giving a gift).
		In general (for e1) - hasya (fun)
		REL - Movies - twists or fan service and scary for 2nd person.
			Genres - sci fi, action, etc are all heroes on different layres. Drama is predator prey stories.
	Intellectual - CRUD of eth Homely MCAT (Master config analytics transactional for other person)
		standardize eth for me.
	Ego - help personality...
EQ - Property Distribution.
	Jass Bad deal - Purkhon ki zameen.
		A borewell planned in the past and some people collaborated for it. Dadaji might have collaborated economically but nothing physically. Location changed to new one.
		The well in the name of Jass's parents. While division was happening Jass's parent hell bent on this partition cuz chowk so high rate. But the problem of well showed up. He had consumed greater 50% share earlier but got settled at other places.
		Later hazara singh showed up that well zamin is shared and his share should be given - why don't you ask others also - I got nothing to do with them but only the well zameen.
		have zameen division scheme but not registration.
	12 marle instead of 9 for home - so settle it eftsoon else rate goes on increasing - will settle it with money obtained from other lands.
		selling is easy but cheaper if no registration - kabja zamin they say. Registration needs sign of 1 of power of attorney - it's with chhote Papaji at present and also extensible to include Vicky Bhiya and Raja chacha.
	New property sold near Kesar Shop.
		Jatts - property is st only source of income so they may get ideas to do a little bit her-pher. It's very important to them.
		Making party. Dummy buyer - as money is obtained I will give you.
	Other discussions to be done.
EQ - Home Making civics.
EQ - You get your values - social values affect the future of country's final outcome - europe countries are economically developed cuz of their priorities, their decisions based on those priorities.
EQ - Nobody can give you freedom or equality - you take it - Malcolm.
EQ - Being a man - Alpha, Dependable, Gentleman, Mature.
	why every new thing has to suck? Yes gradient descent but it doesn't have to start from negative, holy dang.
	ABAP facilitates running a program in background.
EQ - So convenient to push the blame on others but BG says with fire, smoke is bound to be there - with every activity, there is some shortcoming and focus on improving on that. 
	iow, make most leverage from every single experience and standardize it.
EQ - Like gf, all rasas have CRUD - start, update like job change, retrieve services, stop contacting.
EQ - no1 tells this but no1 cares like family; parents do their best unconditionally.
EQ - let ppl have right to live their puny lives - don't get angry or upset - they have right over it - to play cheap games and all.
EQ - There are 2 FOE views possible - one is by institutions I have been through (career related) and States I have been through (Ashram or state cultures related).
	Also, there are details aspect to it and stories aspect which could have been just stay related - like an experience of driving could happen anywhere but happened to take place while I was there.
	This is where the idea of experience as a tuple comes in - relates to which vertical - driving or HIMYM or property related, etc. Similarly, the emotion it triggered.
	Thus given a setting a recall of relevant experience can be elicited.
EQ - Ashram Architect - Vision of what will final outcome look like. Can't envision the life ain't good thing then recruit the person who can fulfill that vision. Expectation set accordingly and puzzles not just Yes/no questions with obvious answers. On holidays do the following:
	Mangal Mornings - Spiritual, Science, Social Studies.
	Achieving afternoons
		Abstract or concrete Exploration (Social and Science) - Books, audiobooks, Newspaper, etc.
		Adventure (Social) - travel, trip, cultural experience like food. 
			Can be NIC+E based like ITR filing can be C. Buying a gift can be an Interest or concern. Awareness can be a need.
		Shopping (Home) - for products or services.
	entertaining evenings - games, exploration, adventure, amusement.
		Amusement (do or witness) - Short Travel, games (indoor, outdoor), challenges (like chess, sudoku, crossword, cards).
		Movies - Natya Sangeet (do or witness) - Music, song, dance, drama, interviews.
	Natural Needful naughty nights.
	More - eth interspersed with and included with "Me" time and "Chat" time.
		separate Chat Time - analytics, story recall and configurational, etc prominently and 
		Interspersed chats - transactional and master prominently. Share your experiences and emotions along (even logs).
	I gotta be an architect first and entrepreneur later.
EQ - Consuming Services can't fall under HomeErp although it feels similar to products at home. This is because social framework is important for study only because of exits in the frameworks or its reuse services - if there is no service then it has no use studying empty organizations interacting with each other.
	Eg - legal services thru courts - though court is a service in society at ternary level of economy. Car servicing is similarly a service. CSIR is an org taking care of scientific research India - so all of civics or its specialization politics, along with history, geography comes under SocialErp. HomeErp is consumerism.
EQ - Painting, drawing, mannequins, live models, acting is things evolving and becoming transactional.
EQ - Don't inculcate ideas in his head - no inferiority complex - if 7 makes molehead into mountain, that's a problem but that's also an input to improve to a certain extent.
EQ - Music - Determine genre by
	These areas are more fully described as follows:
	(1) Arousal describes intensity and energy in music;
	(2) Valence describes the spectrum of emotions in music (from sad to happy);
	(3) Depth describes intellect and sophistication in music.
EQ - Stuffs to talk about - standardize people with some tag words that either they spoke or they exhibit - think of it as text mining or sentiment analysis of people.
	when you meet them you can raise those issues - the more you can raise such relevant issues, the more you convince the other person that you take interest
		you can also talk project you or someone undertook in the direction of anybody's interest or talk about 7's projects.
		talk about the center of attraction wings that we generally don't get to talk - different layer like company level, business level, personal ambition level, etc.
		pick a context from surroundings dynamics and spawn a thread for story, experience, learning, 7's sentiment, etc.
	and hence more likelihood of friendship.
	Also, think of what you are up to and make alliance for like minded
	we don't want some sustenance - we want streak at whatever we do and nothing helps like a good ally
	if you can cluster with this person outisde the center of attraction he is a friend.
EQ - Man > Boy > Kid - MOG > MOP > MOI.
EQ
	The rate of the car is 7.5 no I can get you similar for 5 - factually paying 4 so you know you are paying right.
		I will let you know gimme you contact number.
	People are really hungry for sorry and thanks for which there's no tax.
	Ask people to take lunch from another place while saying that this location is discontinued for them - later the other place is discontinued and they know they can't go back to where they are explicitly denied.
		you didn't hurt them but got the game your way.
	if you don't complain people standardize you as a service so ask the other also to make a leap thus ensuring that not taken advantage of.
EQ - Challenge the motion and elicit facts.
EQ - Declaring to do something has its shortcomings also - now I can't ask someone else.
	advantage is mentally a person gets prepared in advance.
EQ - Emotions - bore, disgust, worry, bitching, anger, revenge, hate, naraz, inferiority atmaglani, avsaad depress, fear dar. Satisfaction santosh, asha hope, expect joy, enthu utsaah, strong will, anand happiness, abhar gratitude, love pyar.
EQ - polity - spawn thread - create a frame for other person - change thru different question, spin it's direction, accept thread and direction - different political stands. Eg - yaad nahi aati hamari. Explicit burn vs implicit burn. Kc isn't about ahimsa or so - it's about doing needful for ur and other's kc. Eg - Arjuna on battlefield. Even proportional complaining like driving in world is guru's responsibility. So sasur should mind his place and should be set right by doing what you must and not getting driven by his political mental programming - impede his everything - do what you want even if opposite to his programming.
EQ - polity - world of discussion - next down layer - world of perceptions. Polity is a usecase which manipulates both thru discussions and creating perceptions for serving your personal interest.
EQ - Networking outta fear, desire, duty, love - all are important but prefer higher ones. You spend time with them cuz you value them or their intel facade. You should for higher pursuits together. They are worth investing. You never know whom you will need. Must write it in daily scrum.
EQ - Todo - situations or exits where you must exercise nic+e for others like vidai and you are husband. 
	More - Console, congratulations. Trips is also architect like organising events.
EQ - Awdhesh Pr said it is possible to get critical of family - self evaluation and deficiencies finding for best impression - that I have done in my mind with devotees as well. Bottom line is I accept e1 for what they are and not what they should be - world is beautiful that way.
EQ - tat tvam asi - my interpretation - discussion - alcohol is bad, don't have to experience shit to realise what's told as fact - seeing someone experience it is an input for you to learn (as brahmachari). Also, if I acted and took decisions like him, I could be him. i could be mayavadi, i could be monist and so on - it is the set of mistakes that safeguarded me from being them. But I was negligent then from experience perspective (i am soul), i could be him or iow, he is me who would have made some mistakes - so empathize with them and try to help them if I can - cuz if I was him, how thankful would I be to a helper - maybe after getting cured.
EQ - marriage ceremonies at highest level is just bring girl home - why, how with all nic+e details are low dfd level details. All we need from you is sincerity or bhakti towards ashram - everything will be excellent towards perfection.
EQ - ashram - physics high penalty - rock movement if falls, the penalty on slabs, penalty on iron press falling, etc.
EQ - jokes criteria - context mixing like pretending 1 role terms on others. Fabricate a story, reveal or 7's anarthas, pivot the direction (take a word and frame new sentence involving subjects which is relevant - my concentration - your parents should have concentrated on sth else on the conceiving night); logic jokes - reversing sequence of action reaction - like girl says ask for anything i will give - peechhe se bhai sahab to nahi aa rahe, aayen to bataa dena. Change frame - maharani grapes dho to lene the! Simile - maharani aap mujhe kutte jaisa treatment kyun de rahi hain. Bargain for juta chirai - pappi to all; i am talking dog.
EQ - ashram induction hcm erp home dmpm - introduce places in locality, people, rooms, events like marriage function, customs when needed all in fun n playful mood. Endear them thru ack, talk about, interact, special attention to nic+e. Getting them started - wifi password. Hear from them about all these details and share yours.
EQ - reduce expectations - he has not stayed, you are awesome but my nature us so just like Sampath in beginning of byd work.
EQ - No more mr nice guy is an extreme stand just like nice guy. What ppl really should be is - gentlemen with nic+e and that should be given direction so political maneuver is expected but not in dishonest or hurting way.
EQ - you represent families now so act with maturity nic+e. Be defensive when necessary with reasons.
	Kaam karne ko taiyyar - if you say then i will quickly do something. Explicit praise in transactional eg terms - doing that was impossible without you.
	Awareness of everything happening around you - which car to chase, mithai was taken.
	2 Australia cousins - bua's son ritika's bro and tauji's son.
EQ - dmpm for celebration - achieved - on either side like for bank confirmation. Dmpm for congratulations for life events like marriage. Meeting after some time or first time dmpm. All of them in either side.
EQ - Ppl in mop at ego or soul layer are inspiration and not hate worthy so them in that light - how to learn - ultimately it's about tapa that e1 gotta do or pay price just that prayojan for common abhidhyeya is different.
	Marriage s.t max self expression. But not necessarily in best self interest. All prayers, blessings are biases in terms of conditions in life gonna favor you - it is not a substitute of tapa in different layers but complementary and work effort may alone seem sufficient with good eg while it's entirely not (at least karma) but why close a door of potential favors. This favors can be explicit like referral from 1 who has blessings attitude or implicit untraceable.
	Asking questions b4 leaving like config data. Lemon taken but what about knife - lapse (any proposal - look for config's completeness for transactions). Don't just listen that there's knife in drawer but confirm it (pratyaksh and not verbal praman). 7 guiding you thru simple transactional tasks - no trust cuz of bad reputation created by bad eg.
	Arch - when not in a role, be in the head of the leader or self role play in simulation and have your learning from eg.
EQ - vidai dmpm. How to satisfy them. ho jaayega, going with papa - dhyan se jaana. No mention of incident but saw me paying.
EQ master - Amazon 3rd party tie up for service centers - emp goes from there. Can't take it with us. 
EQ - Empty relp just means no investment. What's your plan and results - what I see is you expecting results without efforts. 
	Spiritual master gives spiritual guidance but also creates a suitable psychological realm for the most imp transaction to take place.
	Likewise, husband intellectual guide but must create right psychological realm for it to take place. How well do you know her?
	I expect oneness which is too europian for material world. I expect there will be interest in all layers even before concern starts showing up across all layers and that too without any homework - yes service and starting to pay attention to other's nic+e is a good start but perfection is quite far and needs to be navigated towards. 
	So, the question is not why she doesn't open up but that what all activities have to already taken up for mutual fondness, how many art of interviews have u elicited to really know her. And how have you revealed yourself from different angles of vision.
	So gradually you can expect that we will start to care about other's life - which is a result not readymade effect after marriage - tailor-made spouse is a hotel view of life and not hospital view.
	Ashram is Krishna's protection - so don't expect bed of roses but something more real and even better. 
	Spiritual master ain't insecure with disciple. Fear may help but desire, duty, love are better. 
	So, should intellectual master be. The steering wheel is with you so why fear. Let it be slow but willingness and bhakti will ensure evolution and dutifully detached is karna yogas beginning premise. 
	To grow thru world, we can't forget to grow in spite of world. That's why head on spirituality or top down is so important else thick of thin things in bottom up approach of KY.
EQ - Stories around phones, driving, etc.
EQ - food trace across places, similar faces Ronney and me - Khajuria madam mistook him to be me in a bio camp.
EQ - Sports in evening is a must. Gamification of life - fake stakes and amusement. 30 mins with wife, 15 mins syami bro, 15 surabhi dd, 15 mins parents and sorted stuff. So bottom line your ashram resume and sports to chill and amusement with your life, man. Tel lene jaaye duniya - if not outdoor, some indoor game or challenge like crossword or puzzles, quiz. Even if bf exists, it is just a sportsman's challenge to excel in a game. My game in ashram at present is 3 use cases - vaak patuta, home erp, networking.
EQ - Have so high flight that common political maneuvering shouldn't touch you like saying syami ain't good communicator is insulting yourself.
EQ - don't use smartphone in 7's face. Many get hurt by this.
EQ - women are good in politics cuz it's all about using their strengths for survival. Ashram erp is simple so how to get most mileage or leverage outta that - not talking about devoted ones - they are different level.
EQ - your correctness must have facade of political correctness - within this world.
EQ - bitching and whining, complaining are very natural in material world but they may have a point. Problem has been that I was focusing on anarthas and feeling upset - all this while focusing on why not being allowed to be client of ashram and why server is not rewarded cuz it may be good but not good enough. 12 rasas - to be best server in each - read books and technical study. Learn from master players across world - yes it's anartha that sb is demanding that but don't forget that we are in material world and by service you will grow and come closer to Krishna. Also that Devs marriage is better even with challenges. Need sincere study for master abstract, master concrete, transactional stories - ur n others and see the magic. Hasya rasa mostly replay based but better if unique.
EQ - Config can trigger a discussion. Wow painting - who chose frame and why this location.
EQ - 1st thing is I have to amuse myself and share that with related ones - scaling horizontally or vertically can happen when individual level emotions and explorations or experiences exist. My resume should keep on developing irrespective of situation and serve better.
EQ - Ashram learning is push yourself in social situations and you get to learn through them.
EQ - empathetic listening means let them express themselves without interruption even with mistakes. Don't be impatient with your responses. And when you really listen without speaking your mind out - you grow, other feels emotionally satisfied and becomes open to listening you as a reward, you really get to know where a person comes from to address them properly. Interruption after full stops is acceptable and indications that you are busy also good but not letting them speak and express or enjoy their emotions they want to associate with is undesirable from va perspective. Not just emotionally, we really want people to succeed even in their intellectual life - you grow far more with such attitude.
EQ - all discussions better be helpful or fun for others, at least for yourself. Serious is a goal for self not others - for others, serious only of it serves or helps them. Else keep default fun on like last day at Nangal. Ppl are minions, keep them happy, sometimes by explicitly stating - chill, you worry over trifles.
EQ - Ashram - personal erp (like which thermal body you have), home erp, social erp. Discussion - put yourself in score if situations is the key - expect and look for fun.
EQ - Dreams reality mapping mysterious. Syami birth big khai to jump, Transfer time - kinetic accelerator broke, Saurabh infy - train missing not able to jump over the cliff, Saurabh marriage - not getting route back to home. Surabhi didi on medical counseling - but for good earns so much now. Like huawei for saurabh.
EQ - ideas for discussion - greatest, least of everything - rain in Amritsar, in India place, electricity out for days.
EQ - it's not just about jokes but emotions trigger which decorates the contents of discussion - emotions of all rasas. Cross rasas also like talking about friends with family gives both rasas so mixing of rasas is fabulous. Many songs are likable cuz of madhurya feelings they trigger. Sometimes awe feelings like hollywood.
EQ - primary rasas give concepts like teasing in madhurya, bura maan jaana manao, gifts, etc. Secondary are pure emotions - joke being very important which includes logical maneuvering, others being surprise, fear, being heroic or star or alpha or life of party.
EQ - like the lesson that internal anger should be made external, this is the lesson that don't suppress emotions and don't take beaks pokes from shitheads. Ashram is not about other's, it's about me - partners and allies can change but you are always there - be kind and loving to yourself.
EQ - Rode Gittiyan uchhalne waali game that we used to play in childhood.
	hookah in old days.
EQ - Papa life trace - pinch of Varanasi banaras and that of concepts not clear. Train directory can't be read.
EQ - networking ways - transactional like project, roaming, dining, chatting, adventures; master based - brainstorm on anything common between people, configurational - client server for ur life standards or utils like car, analytics based - explorations, deep dives, etc with experts of anything or among experts with intent to arrive at conclusions. Even content is also likewise of these 4 types only like these bases of networking but it's different flavour. The contents are decorated by emotions of 12 rasas.
EQ - Investment on networking returned but what really helped was a talented capable person with whom I had friendly relations. 3 levels of networking - ally (info exchanges and vendor or customer), friend (share, together with commonalities - centers of attraction), intimate (5 rasas, open book).
EQ - uncat - Hijre at Tata muri - won't give them money in coins. Frinds bad experience - 4 km long waiting line at Kolkata for toll. Best cars. Karnall Karma's birthplace. Estimating a person by how he responds when you talk about high range cars. Toyota handaan vaste - crysta, front wheels power, hind are free, wobble on road. Earning havelis. Low range vich swift, baleno, Hyundai, honda; corolla high end vich, creta vi, indica and indigo ditches you in a year, amaze so light that wobbles after 110. Swift is heavy.
EQ - total amount of gold and property in world is fixed - so people want to increase them more for greater opulence in life 
	unequal distribution => more entertainment sector increasing - after buying properties; they have disposable income for entertainment.
	Quaternary sector - IT - we target those who earn a lot and help manage their business or manage or bring entertainments to the world (B2B and B2C) - Thus another player in economic stability - normal distribution. 
	Highly skewed economics ain't good. Free basics available to all - primary sector. Farmers gear towards sugarcane and cotton for a reason.
	It's all CRUD services of different entities with different demands - as per high demand, and high value that you offer you get a piece of the pie. 
		Eg - silk sarees you can make by hand - 7 with better value abstracts and starts using machines - his scale grows and his value is already there so starts earning a lot.
	Streams are everywhere even in economy at different levels - ur CRUD mainly Create and delete has to be a fast stream.
		you add more resource as ppl get value from your service in order to scale your business. 
		Business doesn't equal huge money but one of scale and service does.
EQ - even if unwilling still I could not change the mind so gotta do home work on being an architect client
	yes not just EQ consumer but gotta be an architect client - gotta really be at a good standing for marriage. Architect server or being leader can come later. So not just random fun but larger picture is clear and strategy is clear but for grats purpose.
EQ - How to be EQ Architect (client or server)
	Fun in songs listening - decorating sofa is like intellectual grats and ego grat that we are clean people and ACK from others and soul grat of expression of worldly love.
	Yes try to have intellectual or ego - the higher the grat at Ashram - that's also great.
	Priority order for ashram - transaction, transaction plan or preparation or reflection (config), analytics and then master.
		There is no limit to how involving each of these can get - just take discussion for eg - 
			scrum meetings take time, reflections or retros take time, 
			theorizing with eg and counter eg takes time, 
			Group discussions with "for and against" (can be us vs them also) takes time; 
			completeness DMPM understanding takes time. 
		We just gotta spawn a topic and let the waves take over.
	But what to talk (interspersed or separate) - what can be triggers - in priority order - 
		future - backlog based on vision (without it you are a football).
		present - stimuli observed around or news going on.
		past - logs sharing from memory elicited outta stimuli or independently.
	Priority of ERP center of ashram - PersonalErp, HomeErp, SocialErp, ScienceErp.
		But for breaking the ice - you can choose not to respect the order and start with SocialErp like some news or home vicinity also.
EQ - Politics in society but still good
	Soldier fights on battlefield even if countrymen ain't apparently investing gramophone - but pegions are given food even if they fight among themselves for share.
	They may have anarthas - forget, reciprocation, they may be involved in their own puny politics
	but soldier gets his reciprocation from a transcendental channel of govt which collect tax from people whether they like to give or not.
	Even science, metaphysical and spiritual transcendence also (yes they are separate).
	Politics is actually kshatriya thing primarily cuz it's about "what takes place (in terms of material manipulations)"
	Even in family do we not plan as per the mentality of people and form groups and target a person so as to elicit a favorable response.
		isn't this wrong - no, the thing is nevertheless this is done for the person's well being when it comes to family.
	The solution to political stories getting created around the world is that you should have a backlog yourself which you pursue aggressively and are willing to fight for.
		if you don't have a backlog, are you not already declaring "Don't care" to the science and metaphysical realm and therefore you should be ok with whatever happens or direction it takes cuz it's "don't care" for you.
EQ - Like spark jobs coming from kafka topic, aggregation of all streaming data coming from a given space represents its culture.
EQ
	Talk about something in front and take to ashram places - like dhokla to shop which gives gujarat taste or Rajasthan taste to other dishes from there and eating styles. So here also navigration from home erp to social erp.
	Also here is opportunity to go to personal erp seeking personal likings and then navigating.
EQ - Concrete Ashram - Holidays Mornings for Abstract Ashram. Afternoons for Concrete Ashram. Evenings for Entertainment. Also Varna can be accomodated for taking lead.
	SocialErp gives us NIC+E like ITR Filing is a C. Quora writing is a I. Awareness of social decisions is N. All of these need to be done on holidays.
	HomeErp likewise gives us NIC+E - Obligation to do something is C. Shopping for betterment is N. Trip somewhere is I. All of these need to be done on holidays.
	PersonalErp on same lines should give us NIC+E - Personal Obligations like scrums. Entertainment Hobbies is I. Entertainment consumption in cinema and sports is N.
EQ - Ashram
	Personal Layer also about social consumption only with "Me Time". Consumptions of social stuffs only but at different grains.
	Personal server is thru 
		hobbies (offering enjoyments)
		suggestions (for enjoyment)
	Home server primarily 
		communication (stories) 
		ishta (wished) goshthi (club) - meetings for hearing wishes of the club members.
	Social service - outside varna
		History - XXX
		Civics - Human rights and philanthropy. 
			Eg - strikes, march, boycott, awareness campaigns like cow dung soap, softwares during covid etc.
		Economics
			Eg - FFL, Education, forums creation, etc.
		Geography (Prakriti) - environmental. 
			Eg - Polythene awareness, electricity consumption, etc.
		Spiritual (AT) - 
			Eg - Book Distribution, Programs organizing, etc.
EQ - Psychological impedance is bound to be there across persons. The reasons can be generation, state, city, nation, gender, economics, etc - different dimensions.
	So, whether you have a transcendental purpose to unite is the question. Like Friendship, relationship.
	Attitude towards these differences can be celebrate differences (cultural variety), appreciate, accept, tolerate, fight.
EQ - HomeErp is streaming of grats vs SocialErp which is batch grats.
EQ - Vivah
	Client / Server - Adhikar while selection and kartavya for preparation for the relp. Be client while selecting and be server afterwards.
	1. SVAF not negative and only positive AMAP. Check how gratifying experience you have. How stable will your other aspcts of life be - helpful, neutral or negative.
	2. PersonalErp - Not just obvious QA but first hand experience of how gratifying is it for you.
		Spiritual grats - my Yoga or devotion will grow. I will make her devotion grow.
		Self worth grats and services - values and beliefs based and also worldly.
		Intel grats (how better you enjoy achievements and offer achievements to others)
		manoranjan grats (my enjoyment increase with her and I don't feel my fascinations are unfulfilled; I fulfill her heart wishes to enjoy) - having things in common and excited to talk about - like children playing.
		sensual and working senses - unanimous enjoyment.
	3. HomeErp, SocialErp and ScienceErp - be client and be a server - networking, grats - how social is she, how well she can handle home, how much she loves nature and psychology.
	Here I have primarily focussed on MOP side (grats) and MOG (CRUD and CMAT are ideal but can come later); MOI let go or ignore (while hacking into gratification) should be very time specific.
	cuz practically speaking we go to MOG from MOP and unfulfilled desires in ashram then what's the point to enter it at all - first is dharma of soul but we in material world so dharma of ashram which includes the dharma of the soul but has more details cuz it considers that you are a conditioned soul.
	It is important to study what lapse happened with all of my case studies.
EQ - Host is always there for guest no matter what - this service attitude or service streaming should be the focus - love expressed and received, egos reinforced, something achieved into resume thru plans executed, entertainment like emotions triggered, sensual grats one after another. Dynamic plans evolutionary like good weather so go out.
EQ - most of the times it's people as guest or hist whi fall short and are demanding of gratification to cover their shortcomings. But from your side you focus in how you can make it interesting - for yourself and for others - jokes, service consumption, transaction, etc. No fear - of you think 7 can serve better admit that without objection - live a chill life bro.
EQ - max leverage from Nangal episode - how to charm a girl and be her hero.
EQ - Ashram - logs across for story but essence in reume.
	Bupa (internal and external), Field understanding. Personal amusement for eg.
	Home focus on products and entertainments streaming and social focus on news and services consumption
	Mindset is that of seva and also bhog.
EQ - Marry cuz Personal home, Social X insecurity , desire, growth, love.
EQ - for scrum roll it up in dimensions like time space and layers. End result being ESMD or FDDL in general. Scrum blocks for day week month year decade lifetime.
	communication is also layered personal home and social external partners.
EQ - Withings healthmate sync with Fit@SAP Cloud - pulls only on sync trigger - takes up to 1 day. And check it once with withings server b4 SAP cuz we pull from there only.
EQ - 
	Khichadi - cutlery, paired with (achar, cucumber, veg raita, onion rings, papad), Sweet tooth, beverage, additional healthy (beans, punjabi kadhi, aloo jeera), starter.
	Movie is intellectual side of other lives. Ashram only.
	Burger
		buns, tikki, veggies, cheese, sauces.
		Cheese, Fries (regular, medium, king X peri peri), Beverages (cold drink or iced tea)
EQ - Emotions Set
	Emotions	Defn	Level of elicitation
	Affection		Spirit
	Anger		Mind
	Angst		
	Anguish		Mind
	Annoyance		
	Anticipation		
	Anxiety		
	Apathy		
	Arousal		
	Awe		
	Boredom		Mind
	Confidence		Intellect/Ego
	Contempt		
	Contentment		Spirit
	Courage		Intellect
	Curiosity		Mind/Intellect
	Depression		Mind
	Desire		Mind
	Despair		
	Disappointment		
	Disgust		Mind
	Distrust		
	Ecstasy		Spirit
	Embarrassment		
	Empathy		
	Envy		
	Euphoria		
	Fear		
	Frustration		
	Gratitude		Spirit
	Grief		Mind
	Guilt		Intellect
	Happiness		Spirit
	Hatred		Ego
	Hope		Spirit
	Horror		Mind
	Hostility		
	Humiliation		Mind
	Interest		Mind
	Jealousy		Ego
	Joy		Spirit
	Loneliness		Mind
	Love		
	Lust		
	Outrage		
	Panic		
	Passion		
	Pity		
	Pleasure		
	Pride		
	Rage		
	Regret		
	Remorse		
	Resentment		
	Sadness		
	Saudade		
	Schadenfreude		
	Self-confidence		
	Shame		
	Shock		
	Shyness		
	Sorrow		
	Suffering		
	Surprise		
	Trust		
	Wonder		
	Worry		
EQ - Unconditional acceptance - See, we gotta accept others for what they are - even if bags of shit we gotta accept them and plan accordingly. Eg - married and person is bag of liability still gotta accept them - same thing applies in other relations as well. 1 thing is don't expect too much and transcend whatever little troubles we find in the way - cuz there is so much to do than to bother. Let's not miss on opportunities.
EQ - Shadi DMPM
	Search, shortlisted, visitors, phonebook, contacts, matches - recommended, just joined, mutual, desired / looking.
	Interest sent / receied / filtered.
	acceptance.
	Near you, shortlisted me, viewed by me or vv, premium, matches or new.
	Near you shows in home.
	Mailbox shows chat, acceptance, decline, etc.
	Notification - view, msg, events. Search - by id , saved.
	Profile Preference -> search (id, saved) by matches premium, near vs love -> viewed or visitors -> shortlisted -> chat, explore, unexpressed things - active or recent. -> Interest sent or received - proposal - accepted or not -> meet for subjective experience -> withdraw if at all.
	This flow maps to reality as well HIMYM - but jumps are possible and time tenure is an issue.
	arrows above correspond to notifications.
	P, V, SL, C, I - Profile, View, Shortlist, chatted content, interest.
	start -pref (photo, desc, ML cluster)-> candidates / indiv explore / confirm for others / filterable -> shortlisted -chat-> interest -subjective-> bets -> contract with verifications (B2G, B'2G, B2G', B'2G', F2F)
	Stakeholders - B2G, B'2G', B''2G''.
EQ - Lapse - Wifi vanishing to manual retry after - cuz usb connected and it was giving precedence to connecting to internet thru USB hotspot - removing it solved the problem.
EQ - HealthReportCard
	Vit D, B12 marginally less, Triglycerides high not just borderline high and VLDL (but fasting not enough 8 vs 10-12), IRON deficiency , High serum copper. Very high LIPOPROTEIN (A) [LP(A)], VANADIUM, BERYLLIUM.
		Triglycerides - Reduce weight, less sugar, less carbs, more fiber (fruit, veg, grains, legumes), Aerobic exercises. Reduce trans fat (fried baked by hydrogenated oils)
			omega-3 fatty acids, regular meal, less alcohol, add soy, more nuts, garlic.
		D - Soy milk, Mushrooms, cereals, Fortified -> orange, almond and rice milk.
			530 minutes twice a 
		B12 - Dairy products. Nutritional yeast. Algae, mushroom.
		Iron - everything gree (spinach, beans, peas). Dried raisins and apricots.
		Reduce Copper - limit intake of nuts, chocolate, whole grain products.
		Lipoprotein - same as triglycerides.
		Vanadium - Skim milk, lobster, vegetable oils, many vegetables, grains and cereals are rich source of vanadium - cheese and fruits less rich.
			but not essential and beryllium is rather toxic so don't care for these.
	RED CELL DISTRIBUTION WIDTH high, MONOCYTES - ABSOLUTE COUNT low, 
		RDW - linked to indication of a nutrient deficiency, such as a deficiency of iron, folate, or vitamin B-12. Cells produced less or larger than normal.
		Monocytes - Regular exercise, anti-inflammatory diet.
			anti inflammatory diet - lots of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, plant-based proteins (like beans and nuts), fatty fish, and fresh herbs and spices.
EQ - DMPM for Travelling somewhere OR Going outside - different granularities as follows (very important - there have lapse here in the past)
    Stay or purpose related requirements - gonna talk about abc. gotta finish xyz.
    Travel related requirements - going to travel A to B so need extra helmet, gotta have sweet box
    Personal completeness related requirements - wallet, charged phone, handkerchief, etc.
EQ - Current days movies unfortunately focus on how to navigate ur ego thru social framework and not creating one.
EQ - Social layer is so important even if it's difficult I should do it - getting married - at least try it. If you have such temperament.
EQ - Movies are powerful (cuz psychological mirroring) - cuz kafka topic - if you subscribe to it - you get streamo f value judgments.
    on all other topics - share prices - thru expressing doubts of topics, praising some topics, adv confusions, etc - so is newspaper editorials, etc.
EQ - why marry
    C - Social status, well being, boredom of no1 to share sth with, practically worldly probs (illness), no high maintenance
        avoid opposites - like miser spendthrift
    N - social awareness, mundane PS together (cooking, foods, luxuries), udna pudna (work things out like camera, installation, worldly problem solving)
    I - different emotions, different worldly experiences - explorations, adventure, sight seeing.
    PIES - HVAS or SVAF - All have bearing on others. So Varna - politics
        #1 company award. voice - great performers, etc. but secondary not primary considerations - important though.
        +1 be addressed in worldly considerations though also.
EQ - Marriage Portal
    Preferences - CC, edu, state, current resi (high maintenance), height, age (relatable), religion (relatable and has bearing)
        earning (social status), lang (no barrier), pets (high maintenance).
    Description+Photo+Families - hobbies in free time, pursuits, lifestyle - dressings, lang, alcohol. Cultured. Likeness.
    Chat; vid chat - subjective verification about truthfulness. truthful; experience grade on scale of 1 to 10.
    F2F - B2G, B'2G, B2G', B'2G', B''2G''.
        Face levels - excavate values, beliefs, case studies, nature, temperament, tolerance, fun loving, pursuits, ambitions.
    Describe adjectives for self and partner - values, some history, current State of the art of family.
EQ - LIB - In company what if a third party misbehaves
    clarify it with them - most of the times there is a communication gap.
    If not, Raise it with HR (escalation).
    If not, Raise it with ur manager (who represents SAP for you)
    If not, raise it with ur MD thru some channels (who represents SAP for policy making level).
    If not, approach courts or police or media (as apt) - whoever you think is guilty.
    If not, let go (many of the previous steps can also be bypassed in interest of present well being - some times wasting time isn't worth money).
EQ - Flight - what's not allowed
    Radioactive Materials
    Explosives
    Weapons
    Corrosive Substances
    Peroxides & Oxidisers
    Misc. Dangerous Goods
    Flammable Liquids
    Flammable Solids
    All Gases
    Toxic & Infectious Substances
    Power Bank
EQ - Ability to tolerate anarthas of people within bounds
	if it comes to your concern then settle the matter then and there. Of course, it is cheap on your part meaning that your spending behavior still is not at the point where you would consider that much amount to be insignificant and not worth thinking about.
	And of course, it is cheap on other side as well but this is pretty much expected from the worldly existence. Becoming overtly disturbed or excited by such worldly exchanges is itself a proof of less spiritual advancement.
	Not that a spiritually advanced person would be apathetic towards it but he would perform dharma while tolerating rather accepting people for the state that they are in. He won't be disturbed by it just concerned and address the issue thru head-on pragmatism. If the issue can't be handled, he would rather accept the situation as it is. Like BSST would say KC can't wait for britishers to leave the country. There would be someone in material world whose subtle body wants power (coming from descent of any ego or identity) - which is a legitimate expectation from VA - it is people with anarthas willing to conform to Krishna's model of mutual cooperation and not pure devotees trying to have interactions within material world.
	First thing is to empathize with Shringi and second is to understand how terribly wrong he was in terms of disproportionate punishment and immaturity in seeing small picture and not its repercussions.
	There has been intolerance debate on tv - which is an excellent word to bring up - people do and should tolerate within limits - some place the anarthas are the norm and rules need to be made to accomodate such behaviors within the laws. Some places will permit anarthas under the table. Beyond limits some action needs to be taken otherwise the tolerance is seen as weakness and cowardice which leads to a realm that you don't belieave in.
	Like movie seven, even extreme anger towards someone's anarthas is also an anartha. Anartha of anger.
EQ - Economics - Centralized market vs distributed market - centralized where champs rock the show. With communism things just replace champs with govt being the champ.
	VA working model knows too well that there are pros and cons on both sides but VA believes in distributed model of economy. Not centralization of power.
	Think globally but act locally is their motto. I heard some people say that centralization of say singing helped them get better at increase in demand in the distributed model. So probably what we need is the distributed model of economy coupled up with centralization co-existing.
	We don't want a selected few holding all the money in the world - that just makes crime increase and increase in social dissatisfaction. So income taxes are a great help but those belong to govt - so they can make a thumbs up deal among each other.
	IT like other tools made the jobs increase in market as expected but graph of economy it creates doesn't grow exponentially.
	Think past decades even rich people would eat chapattis with pickle cuz of bad economy so centralization is necessary.
EQ - I say max leverage from life events - one of them is opportunity of celibacy and energy growth and it's channelling.
	Thank you.
EQ - Kerala Restaurant.
	Breeze, birds drinking water, family or house boat - restaurant, motor boat, ferry, speed taxi govt ambulance, water scooter, etc.
	Motor boat is double decker and faster, speed boat is very fast.
	Dance, songs on family boat.
	Restaurant, vemminad largest lake.
	Veg meal no fish pls but tasty and prawns world class; at least curry.
	Banana leaves, small fish in boat, chhota lake.
	Private boats.
	Sea crows, meenappali lake.
	Boat 3 gears accelerator, no brake.
	Petrol bunks.
	Houses around - swamps, boat leakage - carry on driving with water removal.
	Art of parking.
	Child champu maneuvers.
	Coconut icecream, jackfruit icecream, mango mirchi.
EQ - impedance mismatch based - state impedance, gender impedance, color, caste, lifestyle, etc.
EQ - I should love not only family, but also friends and relatives, next I should love my city, state, country and world (meaning people in there).
    This is what ashram entails as its goal.
EQ - Economics
    Price increase does not change demand (only demanded quantity). In economic terms, demand is a reference to how useful a good is to the customer.
    in economics, if they say demand increases it means people are willing to pay more for it.
    True demand has its root in fundamental human desire, not in economics. Its a subjective measure of how important a good or service is to a person relative to other goods and services.
    So when we say demand increases, we are suggesting people have changed their view of what is important to them and they want more of a product than they did in the past.
    if ice were simply to become a far more popular product for people to buy, then the companies producing and selling ice might be able to produce it for less, due to economies of scale
    So in general, increased demand increases price when supply kept constant but if supply can be increased then economics of scale takes over.
    Similarly, lower demand, lower cost.
    Higher prices mean less demand. But High demand raises the prices.
    1 ice-creaming then bidding so price shoots. 100 icecream, price drops cuz you have replacements.
    Higher price (than value), you reduce the intake thus demand; lower price, then you over use it.
    So, price is just in middle and price and demand keep affecting and stabilizing each other along with supply.
    There's demand so there's price. Price rising, then demand reduces so you can't increase it too much.
    Study it as human behavior with respect to price in terms of supply and demand. The price is too low, people will desire it more.
        another study, market behavior of price, with respect to demand and supply. You know that people value this, you can rate it high.
EQ - Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), under the Ministry of Culture, was established in the year 1861 is the premier organization for the archaeological researches and protection of the cultural heritage of the nation.
    Pratna kirti apavrinu - let us uncover the glory of the past
    IPS -  
    Supreme courts - Yato Dharmastato Jaya; Where there is righteousness (dharma), there is victory (jayah)
EQ - They share and pass on the culture to next generation but not huge pass on from 1 gen to next.
EQ - Insurance Apps - iltakecare; instaspec, apps.
EQ - Customer care.
    Customer ID is 71192489.
    Complaint number is Banc0221023434.
EQ - World polity (yes, it's not religion) - People who blindly talk about ideal world that all religions are happy together.
    1st thing who will not want that? But this statement is so shallow from depths of reality that they don't know the heat of friction that people have endured.
    We can't wish them away - these are complicated problems with many standardizations to stabilize the situation - and now breaking those standardizations is foolish if you don't know the backdrop.
    Although the intent is good, but it suffers ignorance of reality.
    Yes, generations may forget the frictions and may cast down the walls - and if the friction points are actually gone by then, then great else they can have devastating effect again.
EQ - Digital Twin. Also shown in many movies like Marvel movies.
    Jails layers - outta one layer but not the next.
EQ - Syami - Always funny movies, bring sth from stores. Extending help. Putting oneself in any transaction that's going on or trigger new transactions. Always some fun going around - songs, or movies, or whatever.
EQ - Land
    1 marla = 30 gaj^2. 160 marla = 1 killa. 1 kila = 8 kanaal. 1 kanaal = 0.125 acre. So kila and acre are same units.
        gaj, marla, kanaal, killa or acre - 1:8:160:4800 (growing factors - 8, 20, 30).
    TO make our customers successful we need to be successful. Link your individual contribution and SAP's future success.
EQ - Tricks - is your name savita - mild change to verify a person?
EQ - Geography - 5 elements interactions - Jharna. Lake, etc - all land water interplay.
    Tornado, tsunami, less oxygen laddakh, ice on beach, magma water natural splash, etc.
    whirlpools, crator, hot water geysers, sulphur areas.
EQ - Deep Learning - it's also about algorithm chosen, data introduced but also values and beliefs held sacred.
    Every country or region or cluster in general is through its all the efforts and protocols and turmoils, get what it originally decides to stand for.
    So, devotion and attitudes (what we want and what we are; behavior - what we do) - is what identifies a culture.
    Think about it, some country chooses freedom as god beliefs. Some cultures choose secularism. Some choose love, etc.
    In God value, some may choose prosperity, some may choose comfort, some may choose power, etc.
EQ - FIN
    Asking for platform charges which gives not much value add (I can take value add thru the drop downs) except information
    so there's opportunity here - what needs to be done. withdraw and share proft and don't pay without profit.
    Share holding or Mutual Funds - We expect the country economy to grow at a certain rate
    Annualized profit is no value add - net profit is something - withdraw early investments as per interest scale and reinvest in a short while it get regularized.
        If it is lower than anticipated but promise to make up - then only principal recovery.
        If lower and no promise, then withdraw totally and put in FD. If negative, then patience and time to buy.
EQ - 1 arch achievement is ability to have RDBMS of movies, anime, etc to suggest to someone. Ability to quote eg from there 
    CRM means networking - especially guests but also other inmates - HCM is pure enjoyment. There is also a merger of HomeErp.
    EQ Arch is seeing the merging of different HomeErp and also taking Edge Server stands for different fields like comedy, poetry, magic, philosopher, etc.
EQ - Indian plight - it's not that bad first of all - 2ndly - god emotions or driver. Next, conflicting forces - cancelling vectors. Individual level - lack of discipline or alignment to disciplines - arts not supporting science - making fun of.
    Glorifying those who can get a workaround - of course that's a talent but also lack of ability to do wonders with alignment. But many a times, practicality is the answer; teaching is difficult to align with - being theoretical.
    I am not saying that there are no valid reasons. There could be. But why some are god performers and some are not.
    There are really good performers in India as well - these are those align. There is no shortage of list.
EQ - In Grihastha Ashram, should we marry? Marriage - with another person - will it help?
    Godhead - Nope. It's personal endeavor - only favorable else problem. So, like a clutch.
    Legacy - Preaching or teaching creates better legacy. But gene pool lost if you don't. You gonna compete with pop and multimedia and other influences.
    World Grats -
        in SVAF, except ashram it's just should be favorable else it's a potential problem - that's the only abstraction that matter - no direct involvement.
        for ashram, all ERP are bound to increase and grow in flavors - SRM, SCM production, CRM Networking, etc; even HCM entertainment will grow but since total time is same - new genres will be explored like with friends.
            New shoppings that you earlier didn't but new resource that means which otherwise you would not have bought.
            FIN will increase cuz 2 sources.
        FDDL - Is this all increased grats?
            Lack of fear cuz at least 1 more person as shelter or security. More desire fulfillment - yes at different layers.
            Love in material world so something noteworthy there. Duty of legacy already covered.
        So, verdict is addition of new flavors which if are welcome-worthy then great. More security or shelter. Experience of Krishna's substitute love.
            although in theory no one can replace Krishna but still at our stage we can't approach Krishna.
SRM - SocialErp - Insta vs FB - no difference - intended was different. Millenials and current phase.
SRM - SocialErp - Third party apps vs Agents for the 2nd party
    the latter is the better usage cuz we aint connecting 2nd party at all but still, former usage is fine.
	Inspection of vehicle from 3rd party perspective.
SRM - SocialErp - bargaining is a must in this space.
	Better try and proceed with regular rate but don't ignore this.
	Standardization of servicing charges also required to be done.
SRM - SocialErp - voice assistant icici supporting nlp - ask a query instead of chat bit write it or ivr - press numbers.
	Car tyres changed in a 5 step process starting from step 0 of prep and step final of windup.
	Bike servicing from home elicited for experience - bike was already starting but why I worry when I can rather study sth at home.
SRM - SocialErp - when problem shows up after servicing of bike, you gotta call them and
    then revisit for clarification for bad service - it may mean losing a customer for them.
	Not calling and visiting may mean wasted effort cuz perhaps it is a consulting issue.
	Kick start vs self start - 2 days - let it charge it - difference in machine charge and driving charge.
SRM - SocialErp - bank - debit card compulsory for internet banking password reset so issue a new request asked from bank front end personnel.
	Security features - if quoting my contact us enough, how can a hacker take advantage of software, practices and people to gain entry into unauthorised access.
	Money gets deducted from account for getting the card but sms makes sure that account owner is informed so yes, not sufficient.
	Gap with sms summary feature (bad ml) in smartphone - bad summary of transaction not approved cuz of 12 rs while message said withdrawal in 123 hrs.
	please keep sufficient balance.
SRM - SocialErp - ITR Filing -
    online tool for jpg to pdf, then doc embed images to pdf lesser but still more, then jpg to png to doc to pdf.
	Solution - the limit is on file size and not on total cumulative size and hence break RA into 2 files and upload.
SRM - SocialErp - Digilocker for all the documents.
SRM - SocialErp - Car Insurance
    Insurance Filing
        Inspection
    Insurance Claim
        On Road Support
        Elicit and Survey
        Cashless or claim and get
SRM - NFP - contraceptives or Cndm - DMPM to be organized - use case, features, why, how, wrt govt, etc.
    Brand - Manforce.
    Flavors - Litchi (smell)
    Electronically tested - pleasure and protection in a package.
    Lubricated. Made in Haridwar.
    Customer Care. 10 in a pack.
    Nominal width - 53 +/- 2 mm and Length - 180 mm.
    Premium quality. Natural rubber Latex product. 1500 dots.
    ISO certified for single use. Reuse can cause failure. Keep away from heat sun and moisture.
    80 Rs for 10. 3 year validity.
    Seek medical assistance if leaks - within 72 hrs.
    None is 100% but increased protection and prevention from STDs and preg.
    How - tear the packet carefully from side (fingernails and jewellery can damage it)
        squeeze top to remove air pocket. Put it on between erection and intimate contact.
        Withdraw after ejaculation or b4 losing erection. Hold rim to avoid sliding off.
        stop if too tight or too loose cuz then can lead to breakage.
        Lubes - as recommended - avoid oil based like jelly, baby oil, body lotions, massage oils, butter, margerine, etc.
SRM - Logs - Shaving cream at Kochi had Aloe.
SRM - HomeErp - Devarayana Durga - Yoga Narsimha: I did yoga there with colleagues, Kochin, Alleppey.
    Ramanujacharya built a temple in Melukote. Srirangam, Sri Rangapatna, kanchipuram varadraj, Tirupati
    Madhvacharya - Pajaka near Udupi, Hampi.
    Devarayana Durga in Tumkur - temple town, Yoga Narsimha, Bhog Narsimha.
    Ahobilam, Melukote with Iskcon whitefield with Chaitanya katha vaale Sr prabhu who took another association from RNSM.
SRM - SocialErp - what strategy do you use for bus service - least effort, least time or distance.
	Take a moment to understand and it will benefit a lot.
	In the absence of a well thought plan, favor local advices unless they are nonsense or don't make sense.
	Eg - take bus thru hal rather than regular.
	No stake of lapse here.
	Gotta standardize when to use auto, how to guide them, use meter, take positive eg to learn, how much do they charge - on what basis - what's justified on their part.
	Use meter and show way or use landmarks - less granular to more - then use transitions from that state to pinpoint.
	Auto vs bus vs taxi vs others.
SRM - SocialErp - auto drivers pattern recognition - 1 proposed 3x rate (assuming outsider) - so chance of getting cheated but only 2x - even after bargain you lose - my shock sanitized him in a moment - how much you say - arguments will also help.
	Asking more than 1 auto drivers solves this problem (without online taxi apps of course).
	Curtailing problem - then other vehicle alternative or arguments or competition for the best bid.
	Another may propose a rate asking 2x but ready for bargain or going by meter - empathy if tough times and why would they not avail benefit of rain - dependence or deep demand not high really.
	So, a little bargain would mean permitting tail with the elephant.
	But proper bargaining bring things to sanity.
	Once you are ok to at least operate on average case scenario - life is cool, comfortable and stable - gotta learn to bargain but penalty ain't huge and reward can be substantial like taking auto in rain vs waiting for public bus.
SRM - Bathroom Products - SocialErp - Gingko bulova and silk extract - body lotion, goji berry and sea salt extract body, shampoo - honey and green tea, conditioning - aloe and kelp.
SRM - HomeErp - Indian coast guard, synagogue, st Francis church oldest and vasco de Gama.
	Islands.
	Rasoi paneer, cafe for pizza and Chinese nets and Portuguese building.
	Metro train - recall Bangalore for friends marriage.
	Luggage at hotel locker.
	Cab to receive us after beach walk - price for comfort.
	St Francis church oldest.
	Metro - huge list and linked list next 4.
	Audio and 1 for only next.
	Money in gullak at metro station.
SRM - SocialErp - uber payment to be done anytime b4 next trip - avoid delays.
SRM - HomeErp - Chocolate with coconut filling, hot chocolate, paneer starters, simple country pizza and Kerala flavor lassi all liquid.
	Delayed checkout, strike a conversation.
SQData - Prasadam eating ecstasy fortunate to have seen that. Visiting various temples in Bangalore - ICC JBS, then Seshadripuram JBS, now SLNT Gandharvika Giridhari - happy about it.
	very grateful to Krishna for fulfilling my deep desires (which I even expressed in front of deities) and other different dimensions of life including deep spiritual understanding and deeply cherishable spiritual moments
	but this ain't enough. There are miles ahead to go both in gratitude and its expressions.
SQData - Rajni DD marriage pandit - ecstasy.
SQData - Krishna's reciprocation in salted bread - Is this not Krishna's reciprocation and devs are to be seen with Krishna - part of the package - they are "one".
SQData - Incomplete stories not likeable but what about complete stories that a practitioner gets to see in his own life but does he?
	But your stands, your reactions. How is he an active controller - protection thru mistakes, chances, ignorance, etc.
CS
    DSP - to create multimedia utility in CS World
            We also know how multimedia works - it comes under DSP Course - Digital Signal Processing - Remember professor in NIT J - presented concepts of noise, attenuation, sampling, quantization, encoding, etc. Video = Audio + changing Picture (stream of Pixels)
            we just need to encode all the sub-components together and play them in sync.
    DIP - ML by ANG, 1 "course" in NITJ, Data Visualization in IIITB (not exhaustive), D3, Tableau practicals, RStudio diagrams, etc.
CS - PM DM - diff in abstract domain knowledge (data models, process models, terminologies around computer applications - what kinda application)
        Criteria
                Ecosystem - end result served (SD Data model, DS Data Model, DO Data Model)
                        of course it varies from app to app but there is something common across all apps of 1 type say SD.
                API - data model of libraries you are gonna work with
                Framework - frameworks and exits knowledge
        Common - PL, DB, Version, Build, Parsers, Libs, etc.
                 interplay of all specializations is also possible in realm of CS.
        DO - DevOps - Managing organized content
                Raw - CG, Visualization, etc.
                consuming DS services - to make smart product - which uses DS capabilities
                consuming SD services - Dockerize and more.
        DS - UC DM PM - Analyses (decisions maker driven by end results) - forked from DevOps to separate AI based runtime decision criteria logics from predetermined decision criteria.
                consuming DO services - pull data from there and make APIs for insights for the customers.
                consuming SD - Hadoop frameworks and VM for testing your ideas.
        SD - UC DM PM - Making systems for networked work, providing platform to world for dev.
                consuming DS services - smarter platform.
                consuming DO services - eg implementing DB into OS, etc or newer ideas for platforms.
        RD - UC DM PM - Problem Solving
                I/O with other specializations for usecases, NIC (need, interest, concerns, expectatations), possibilities.
CS (Computer Science) - Using bare machine for some purposes
        About
                IQ and other fields (like civil engineering, doctory, etc) under it and above CS.
                Our college CS Courses are of RnD nature (implicitly and not explicitly) always exploration of what's possible and not so much industry centric
                Intro - Social Services -> Technical and business (domain) roles (Abstract Roles (architect, devp, etc are always there) and concrete Roles (Front end developer, Application Developer, DB designer, ML engr, etc)) -> Activities
        OS (Systems Engineering - Embedded in Electronics) - specialization to handle platforms for governmental, reusable functionalities - shell interface and GUI interface and system call interface.
                aaS movement - strong merge of networking and operating systems.
                Roles - Network Admin, etc.
                Alternative - Assembly language code converted via assembler to perform mundane tasks and not focus on logic at all.
                Data Model - Processor, Address line, data line, control unit, registers, disk, traps, etc.
                Process Model (DFD) - Security, Memory Management, CPU Scheduling, Thread Management, File Management, etc.
        Utility Softwares / Services (Software Industry) - Compiler, Browser, Games, Text processing software, camera, Multimedia (movie maker and player) software, Graphics softwares, frameworks for windows applications, web app frameworks (web servers, web devp frameworks and application frameworks), DBMS, Libraries like for ML probability and stats (Console Apps), etc.
                Utility Software products can directly be used by end users but utility services like hadoop, libraries, etc are meant for applications development on top.
                Think about it - it is already types of softwares. Think engagement of 5 jnanendriyas and 5 karmendriyas wrt to screens but extended later on - not all are engaged presently.
                Softwares use compilers for translation but don't approach machine with compilers but just take service so 2 separate layers here not 1 unified layer.
                exploration of what's possible to do with computers and also creating reusable services.
                Roles - DB admin, etc.
                Data Model - System Calls, Process, Memory, CPU, GPU, Disk, File, Thread, Performance, etc.
                Process Model DFD - read file, data at this address location, draw line from this pixel to that pixel, dump data there, raise exception, start a thread, communicate with the process, etc.
        Application softwares / Services (Application Development) - on top of utilities to explore what's possible to do for real world with computer utility softwares.
                Non-Computer - Many of the utility softwares are enough to be used directly by the market in their craft which is non-computer in nature - like movie maker, camera, paint, etc.
                Apps or DevOps (IT) - Standalone Apps, Web Apps, Web Services Apps, etc - Managing information (Information Technology)
                        Eg - facebook web site, google web search engine, PS4 Game1, Calculator, etc.
                        Roles - Front end, DB Designer, Operations, Quality, Application Dev, etc.
                        Data Model -
                                Dev - UI, Application Logic, Database, Libraries, etc.
                                Ops - Design, Testing, Quality, etc.
                        Process Model DFD - create and Launch UI, Restart the server, Delete the database table, consume services, expose service, use the exit, etc.
                Data Science (DS) - using ML API to find decision criteria -> expose it as a service to plug in new data to be consumed by product or prove decision for business.
                        Data Model - Data Quality, Algorithm used, Neural network layers, weights, etc.
                        Process Model DFD - Cleaning, Model Training, Prediction Accuracy, Deployment.
CS - Article on resolving npm dependencies
        NPM
                https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42147243/how-does-npm-handle-version-conflicts
                http://npm.github.io/how-npm-works-docs/npm3/how-npm3-works.html
                npm install -g npm3
        Maven
                Maven works on the principle of nearest wins strategy while resolving the dependency conflicts, that means whichever version it finds nearer in the tree, it will take that version and ignore the other versions.
                https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7175398/maven-dependency-resolution-conflicted
                The maven way of resolving situations like this is to include a lt; dependencyManagement gt; section in your project's root pom, where you specify which version of which library will be used.
                        Now no matter which version of library foo:bar is requested by a dependency, version 1.2.3 will always be used for this project and all sub-projects.
        tree -d node_modules/ - to view the dependency graph in node application - folder structure at a glance - it is shell command.
CS - web services
        web service - service on web for code consumption not human consumption.
                eg - getProducts to be used by a friends - make jar file but DB is problem.
                another problem is version mismatch with the friend - redeploy.
                think n friends?
                Ideal case - when we can make direct call to your deployed code.
                Solution - make 2 server machines talk to each other
                        inter-operability - across technologies - java app talking to CPP or DOTNET.
                        use strength of different technologies and communicate.
        Jargons
                Consumer sees only interface - contract for consuming an implementation.
                CPP getting interface of Java for Java implementation won't work - so tech independent it should be.
                so it should be xml - this is WSDL - doc or contract for your web service - tools available for us.
                WSDL contains - methods, args, return types - which even interface has as well.
                How to get WSDL - directories (UDDI) - yellow page of web service.
                even data types are different in technologies - so format that all can understand - so xml again. java serialized object won't be understood at all by CPP.
                Simple Object Access Protocol - simple way to access object of another technology.
                Java object to SOAP message - done by a class called SEI - service endpoint interface. This is specific to your technology - java class SEI knows how to convert.
                Terms - WSDL, UDDI, SOAP, SEI.
        Writing a client : stub generation
                wsdl file - observe service, port.
        ============
        Steps
                stub downloads
                download glassfish server - start or stop thru command line.
                        admin port, default domain port, create more.
                Help / install more software / Oracle JAVA EE.
                Eclipse needs glassfish adapter to start glassfish server and view server admin page from eclipse.
CS - How to create HTML from JS
        var opened = window.open("");
        opened.document.write("<html><head><title>MyTitle</title></head><body>test</body></html>");
CS - salami attack of stealing the fractions of pennies, one slice at a time, from everyone's interest-bearing accounts;
        this is a beautiful example of something that just would not have been possible without computers.
        A salami attack is a small attack that can be repeated many times very efficiently.
        Eg - getting all the rounding off to your own account.
CS - export variables in envt vars - automatic once there.
CS - https://codurance.com/2016/12/21/how-to-use-npm-link/
CS - build management - npm
        npm link is like opening the project to be used as a dependency - it creates a symlink in a specified folder.
        symlink is literally same file tree at another location - not copied but same.
        npm link project - attached that symlink as a dependency. When npm install on this project - the symlink is copied into npm_modules as dependency files.
        you can always unlink and continue to use a specific version of dependency from the local system.
CS - control panel is a process called control.exe
CS - GIT - moving files across branches, commits, repos
        Run this from the branch where you want the file to end up:
        git checkout otherbranch myfile.txt
        git checkout commit_hash relative_path_to_file_or_dir
        git checkout remote_name/branch_name file_or_dir
CS - The difference is that OData is a specific protocol;
        REST is architecture style and design pattern.
        REST is a generic design technique used to describe how a web service can be accessed.
        Using REST you can make http requests to get data. ... OData is a specific technology that exposes data through REST.
CS - CG - ASP type windows platforms are all abstraction layer on top of "canvas"
        OS level GUI Drawing is also "canvas" type drawing (can have higher abstractions for convenience) with the difference that whole screen is your canvas to draw on.
        Working of canvas - Drawing in its raw form we have already done in CG (Computer Graphics) course - how to draw a line - low level and high level API both we have worked on.
        Console applications are also drawing - it is higher to CG drawing cuz given character sequence say 'AB' you know how to draw it one by one. Fonts styling is all in CG raw libs that Steve Jobs managed.
CS - Levels of data types
        Raw or primitive data types
        Composite - keep data together - array, structure. Powers - Static (arrays), Dynamic (Linked List)
        Data Structures - organize data for real world usage (smartness over basic data types) - Array, Linked List, Trees, Graphs.
                ADT (Abstract Data Type) is more of a logical description, while a Data Structure is concrete.
                ADT as a picture of the data and the operations to manipulate and change it.
        Real World Data Description - can map differently to data structures.
                Eg - a matrix of data may be converted to a graph type for ease of solution.
                Eg - graph in real world may be represented simply using an array.
                Eg - real data may be a list but as per real world behavior - Binary Search Tree may be best way of implementing it.
CS - Python
        List (similar to growable array)
                Create - list, Constructor,
                Update - append, insert, fromlist(list)
        Tuple (similar to immutable structure - group related information)
                Create - Packing
                Update - concatenation assignment.
                typecasting (to others) - unpacking
                misc - instant swap, return values, heterogenous, fast readonly access, write protection.
        Array
                meta - typecode, itemsize, length,
                create - fromlist(list)
                update - insert, append, extend, reverse, pop, remove
                retrieve - count, index,
                typecast - tolist,
CS - Make the variable available on reboot
        for then, PATH=%PATH%;C:\type\your\new\path\here
        even relaunch the application should also do it cuz windows informs newly opening apps about it.
        test it yourself - keep cmd open, make envt variable, see if they are recognized by open shell programs, launch new one can that recognize it.
CS - Algos - recursion and iteration (top down and bottom up both supported for all)
        Induction -
                Incremental - If I have solution for k-1, I can find solution for k. So, start with smallest solution and keep building on it. Bottom up and top down both.
                        insertionSort(k) = insertionSort(k-1) + accomodate(k)
                DAC - Let's say I have solution for 2 problem sets, how do I merge the solutions. Also if I have solution for k/2 then I have solution for k. Top down and bottom up.
                        MergeSort(k) = MergeSort(k/2) + MergeSort(k/2) + Merge(the 2)
        Iterate thru possible solutions
                Greedy
                Branch and Bound
                DP - SelectionSort(list) = list[0]=smallestNumber + SelectionSort(list-{smallestNumber})		//this is recursion.
                        bubbleSort - same concept but with propagation instead of finding.
                        QuickSort(k) = find_location(k) + QuickSort(:k-1) + QuickSort(k+1:)
CS IDEA - given xml, construct a tree. given 2 trees find if they are identical
CS - subnetting or NAT uses onion approach like VPN to remember who sent the call to the server to respond back.
CS - Distributed systems - instead of centralized ones.
        Application level (P2P vs client server) - many sources of power.
        process level (aka Distributed computing - Hadoop MR, AWS, Multi-agent systems, etc) - task is common or one but process runs on different machine to that end.
        Distributed DB level - NoSQL uses them a lot - Software runs on multiple machines on same/different data to ease off the load.
        File System Level (HDFS) - The scope of file is more than 1 machine disk.
        Distributed OS, etc.
                OS - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/types-of-operating-systems/
CS - Language encapsulation for hardware features - process to run on processor, threads for multi-core, process spawn for multi-processor, software socket communications for process spawn in another system for distributed computing.
CS - A remark by a office colleague was intriguing.
        He said he write every conversation down. How does he know to this level of granularity.
        I joked it off that it's the world of big data. Also I asked with curiosity how could he be so sure - he reminded initial days.
        But he can definitely access my system but how?
        Has he managed to install some trojan horse on my machine.
        Any file request can't be made other than my explicit windows permission or ssh or scp server that I may install.
        It turns out - thinking about system programming
                a thought occurred and it turns out that I had the folder - \\INLN56587858A\Users shared - which is terrible
                this is probably since our initial project days or maybe company default
                visible thru start / right click / Computer Management / System Tools / Shared Folders / Shares.
                not totally terrible cuz I learnt more and understood the importance of privacy.
CS - CAP Theorem
        CA - RDBMS - Replica or shards - If network breaks or slows down, RDBMS throws response error message that "not written". Reading from shards and replica is fine cuz consistent always.
        AP - Delayed consistency - respond quickly with written - it may take time for the changes to reflect in all nodes. Maybe too much time if broken connection else a little while if slow. Always available server but can spit inconsistent data.
        CP - Any request written on master, propagate writing to replicas and it may take too long but we ain't responding to client until we are done (maybe tell him that it may take time but no result based response). Reading will work as expected cuz consistent. If broken, write will never respond (unlike CA) but read will work fine cuz consistent (?like CA). Where's Partition Tolerance if write will never happen - it will reflect as soon as network comes up again.
        Hadoop 1.x was more on CP side but with Hadoop 2.x the Availability has grown.
                No compromise on consistency. If partition or slow down or system failure happens, others are contacted so a little time waste (availability), if NS fails then standby takes over again time waste (availability). But partition doesn't break the system.
        Situations to use which one -
        Now, NoSQL just means non-RDBMS based DBMS
                i.e they have layer of softwares to access the file system whatever format it is (schema-less here).
        NoSQL Types
                KV combinations - Just Key and value. Query only on key - values can be any dang thing from image, media, text, etc. Sharding and indexing for finding the key fastest is the key.
                        Document based - json file. Query based on characteristics. Uses MapReduce for faster retrieval.
                Graph - https://neo4j.com/developer/kb/understanding-data-on-disk/
                        Linked List in the stored format.
                Column based - https://mapr.com/blog/in-depth-look-hbase-architecture/
                        vs column-oriented DBMS (or columnar database management system) is a database management system (DBMS) that stores data tables by column rather than by row.
                        https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13010225/why-many-refer-to-cassandra-as-a-column-oriented-database
                        Yes, the "column-oriented" terminology is a bit confusing. Cassandra is basically column-family store. Wide rows for time databases. column specified with every row.
                        Cassandra would store the above data as,
                                REL - it is unpivoting of the data where all column names also become rows so think of a table becoming (mn X 2) matrix - arranged in columnar format. Long not wide format.
                         "Bounses" : {
                                   row1 : { "ID":1, "Last":"Doe", "First":"John", "Bonus":8000},
                                   row2 : { "ID":2, "Last":"Smith", "First":"Jane", "Bonus":4000}
                                   ...
                         }
                        http://dbmsmusings.blogspot.com/2010/03/distinguishing-two-major-types-of_29.html
                But yeah, the main power of NoSQL comes with distribution.
        OODB isn't NoSQL - but maybe they are like adaptation layer with DB engine.
        GraphQL - Query for API for front end to interact with DB.
CS - Windows client, server, NT, Web server vs any server - shell is just a client of OS programs. But server is generally in server on internet context only and not on local programs.
CS - ics file to add calendar MR to your outlook.
CS
        Mapper is selection and Reducer is aggregation. Simplification for structured data but ingenuity for others.
                Eg - problem on many tweets - tell what word correlated with prime minister the most.
        HDFS is just a facade on top of file system.
        Hadoop is an ecosystem of softwares built around 1 purpose. But not unique, even IDE is an ecosystem.
        nbtstat
CS - Arch - MVC - View and Model in sync.
        view change and model reject it as validation error but doesn't remove and restore to before change but current state.
        errors continue to exist for save transaction so if not objectionable then allow save draft to take place and objectionable value continues to exist.
        we could have denied the buffer writing of that value but that's against MVC principle - View and model should have same image.
        In some IR, while writing cost center we used to deny the modification writing but view would continue to show the value with error - that's not allowed.
                OR even that model accepts values with errors but view wipes it off - nope!
        Change model with view and generate errors or denials. On save consider those errors once more. Before_image isn't done automatically which programmer can do.
CS - DS Maths
        Algebra - Simple, Linear Algebra, Linear Equations
        Calculus - functions rate of growth, Limits and continuity, Differentiation, Integration, Differential Equations.
        Statistics and Probability
        Discrete Maths -
        DS is intersection of Hacks (Code, programming), Statistics and Domain Knowledge.
CS - DS
        Maths - AI, ML/ DL Coursera, LA, DM, PS, Calculus, etc.
                Puzzles - Top ones.
        R subjects - clustering, decision trees, hypothesis testing, anova, chi square, Data Manipulation, Data Visualization, exploration, Data Preparation, regression, logistic regression, clustering football, decision trees, Time Series, Deployment.
        Structured Data - Excel, SQL
        Distributed Computing Analytics - Hadoop, NoSQL
        Libs making - all course topics in Octave, Matlab, Python, etc.
        R
                Collect Data - Data Preparation
                Cleaning - Data Manipulation, dimension reduction, Bagging and Boosting
                Descriptive - hypothesis testing, anova, chi square,
                explorative - exploration; visualization;
                Predictive and prescriptive -
                        Modeling -
                                regression - Linear regression, decision trees & random forests
                                classification - logistic regression, NN, SVM
                                clustering
                                Association Rules
                                Fraud Detection
                                Recommender Systems
                                Applications - Time Series, TM.
                ?Validation
                Deployment
        Python
                Libs - numpy, tensorflow, etc.
        ML disciplines -
                DIP or Computer Vision - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/digital-image-processing-basics/ - in java, etc.
                DSP - https://www.coursera.org/learn/dsp ; NPTEL, etc.
                NLP, Pattern Recognition, etc. Structured - Online ads, Search Engines, Product Recommendations.
        DS Usecases
                GIS -
                Self Driving Cars -
                Robotics -
                Text Mining - QA Model or summarization -
CS - DS - main difference is that TensorFlow is a framework for machine learning, and OpenCV is a library for computer vision.
CS
	Image --blob from image (preprocessing)--> Blob --Trained Model--> Inference.
	dnn process - net=cv2.dnn.readNetFrom(), blob = cv2.dnn.blobfromimage(), net.setInput(blob), output = net.forward()
CS - Running Jar from java program - Google:execute-jar-file-from-a-java-program
	I suggest you use a ProcessBuilder and start a new JVM.
	Here is something to get you started:
	ProcessBuilder pb = new ProcessBuilder("/path/to/java", "-jar", "your.jar");
	pb.directory(new File("preferred/working/directory"));
	Process p = pb.start();
	Also, Process proc = Runtime.getRuntime().exec("java -jar Validate.jar");
CS - Observations In Excel
	many duplicates in both versions (no duplicates cuz decimal points were truncated - these were characters not to be truncated)
	version 2 - 2 new values added 1 duplicate 90951.2 and new 90953.132
	Newly created cost item - 9095-1.2 Missing to ID.
	Missing entries deleted - 9095-1.3,1.4, 1.90
		8736-1.1, 8736-2.1, 8759-5.1 - All Missing with new ID created. Can't figure newly corresponding cost distributions for them!!!
CS - SCP / HCP - good but to a limit - then ppl misuse - VM 4GB and they send 5 messages broadcast - overuse 
	normal cloud is that you get charged as much as you use - here it's like a vm is given to you - use it like hell.
	cuz of its slow speed CPI (Cloud Platform Integration) was suffering - so they have made it open - CPI able to use any platform underneath - AWS, GPF - thus no swearing; best quality for customer; low cost visible to customer for CPI.
	many SAP products were internally also using a Dell competitor Product for mapping a web service call in 1 format (say OData, SOAP) to receiver format (say REST) - REST is becoming famous now. OData gives facility to write no code for query.
		CPI - works for all combinations of formats and that too for their different versions - which aren't supported and also IDoc of SAP.
			it ain't data specific but protocols matching - plugging thru plumbing them properly - make war file for deployment.
			new idea is to make small components and charge individually after taking logs of calls made thru them. Pay per use basis.
	They don't want over-reliance on platforms also if they become competitors tomorrow.
	SAP - new rule is either use CPI internally (better avoided - bad advertisement if outside ppl know) or switch to newer architecture of APIs exposed by every product (use ..wire) - sounds like pet pe laat.
		CPI will continue to extend support for outside use - good for customers.
	Innovation they say - but inno-week but no reduction in dev effort - complaining managers - load on support - this is management flaw.
	Accounting - 1 Re for HRA!! Lost receipts - that's the only job you are responsible for.
	Disc brakes better but gotta know how fast brakes - Drum you get slow brakes only - cautious of irresponsible ppl and drivers - manhole in main road - risk of falling.
		long radius is an issue with big bikes like avenger also - avenger so heavy - it won't skid but in gixxer you are height - gotta be a good rider.
		sport bikes - same engine but heavy what of it and light always straight - imagine going on mountain in night.
		Caution with heavy vehicles - irresponsible ones especially - not stopping, randomness
		KTM - light bike but fast - it can be dangerous.
	Concur got bad reviews for travel stuff (expenses, claim)- it's complex. Succesfactors - have their own formats for eth.
		ariba for ?procurement
CS - SCP command can be run - 
	scp on putty trying to send file over to windows
	scp command on win cmd shell - telling it to connect to putty system to fetch file from.
	scp server is difficult to install on windows and it normally isn't but the linux almost always has scp server installed.
	so firing command from windows command shell to linux system for file transfer is far better than vice versa.
CS - UI5 vs React - both are frameworks but UI5 only addresses presentation and has no controllers.
CS - 4 classes or clusteres like DS on work relation of people
	craves for knowledge, for leadership or power, for leverage, for enjoyment.
	making technologies (problem solving thru paper), actualization phase of making tools outta them - lead the project, engage the project.
	best title - Scientist, Administrator, Business, Artists. All can take on other roles but their cravings best addressed is best job for them.
	not that they are not interested in technology - but they care more for its implementation and corresponding rewards.
CS gotta do with problem solving of generating new information from known information
	search vs discovery.
	GIS adds to the information and how it is structured for helping multiply the information.
	Data Science uses statistics to look for patterns in the data to come up with more information.
CS - Python cwd
	import os
	path = os. getcwd() 
	print(path)
	os.chdir('C:\\Users\\I341365\\Desktop\\PIES\\I\\Subjectwise\\ML\\AnaVidya\\Handouts\\Py_transformed')
	print(os. getcwd())
CS - git last commit before merge
CS - NuSMV test on BYD - we have so many changes from so many place possible like PCT was removed - which all ways it is possible.
	PO's PCT ref removed
	from SIV removed
	PCT's got closed
	check if there is any sequence of events that can cause a particular situation of inconsistency. So, gotta define inconsistent states.
		every system state is quite complex cuz it involves many BOs.
		inconsistent state can be many - SIV posted without exception while there was no GSA. Think cartesian product - a few are valid states and all others are inconsistent.
	this may be over effort but can be really powerful to prove system correct. 
		It may be advisable to carry this out for personal completeness and validness of the system 
		but during implementation only we will know that an inconsistent state is approachable.
	Think Neo4J and trying to find a path from 1 state to another - like saying this button should no way be enabled but it was - which sequence of events could have had it enabled.
		but NuSMV is already there - don't reinvent wheel.
	or that contract got deleted - what all series of events land us in the state where contract can be deleted - currently we rely on domain expertise but with NuSMV diagram - except for maintaining things - all such questions can be answered readily.
		but better idea than that is log all the requests coming to the system rather than all changes that took place.
			if worried about unnecessary volumne also including the calls which failed then write requests after they are successful.
	IDEA Think of model based development where we don't model the configuration like BYD but specify even business rules as a model - even programming world can be thought of as a model but is less powerful that has so many details that granular details missing so can't have queries like what series of events will land us there.
		of course you can think of web app designing in the form of state transition modelling - but it can get really troublesome.
			cuz we may want to say if company then currency - but states translation of this statement is many states making this miniscule change.
		instead of having all the possible states - only have rules like company -> currency -> Item currency - this is a transition valid on any dang state under some guard.
			iow any transition is possible if a guard holds on the state.
			so not a fixed state transition chart but a set of theoretically possible states, theoretically possible transitions and see if any series of transitions from a given state can land us in a situation which is undesirable.
			A little different from NuSMV where the state transition diagram is well defined before hand - here only the rules - transition not defined as state to state but state components to different state components.
	BYD State has many BO's in different states - a state defined by attributes and properties values.
		a set of guards written for the BYD System will be true for a given BO State - check all triggers corresponding to them.
		all those triggers will take the BO to another BO State thereby changing the system state.
		we need to follow thru all such transitions to check in what all situations we land in a situation where a button can get enabled or the value of cost assignment may change after posting.
		Relying on domain expertise sound like a better option. working it out is better than automatic computation cuz configuring such a system is more demanding than finding solution to a given problem like how was contract deleted?
CS - Windows - how to get IP Address from Networked Computer Name and vv. How does getting access to shared content across windows works by computer name to access to it.
	nslookup 
	shared = \\INLN56587858A\path
	C:\Users\I341365>nslookup INLN56587858A
		Server:  blr05-dns-01.net.sap.corp
		Address:  10.136.60.20
		Non-authoritative answer:
		Name:    INLN56587858A.apj.global.corp.sap
		Address:  10.52.228.198
	Microsoft's SMB (Server Message Block) protocol
	nbtstat -A < IP address > command
CS - think of image detection like follows
	you can make many equations for what to be considered as 1.
	in the next hidden layer - the equation is "OR"ing condition of the previous.
	This is just for relating - it does exactly work like this - it is black box.
CS - Java program - whatever we write is a specification for the java program (jvm) which actually runs on the processor.
	not that java is the platform framework that services your code bytecode isn't converted to machine code by java environment and run and comes back into place for requesting system call services or library calls or so. Although this was the possibility but it's not true.
	https://www.quora.com/How-does-the-Java-interpreter-JVM-convert-bytecode-into-machine-code - every statement of bytecode is interpreted by JIT Interpreter to run on the machine.
		also 3 stages over which it happens - load, verify, interpret.	https://www.quora.com/If-JVM-uses-C-code-to-convert-Java-code-into-machine-language-then-why-cant-we-use-C-to-do-an-actual-program-rather-than-using-Java-I-understand-that-Java-provides-OOPs-concepts-and-much-more-however-those-are-finally-getting-understood-by-C
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34680985/what-is-the-difference-between-asynchronous-programming-and-multithreading - async != multithreading - 1 person sets eggs to boil with time, sets bread to roast with timer and cleans kitchen and when buzzer rings then get there vs many people working together.
CS - svg as blank canvas to draw on. HTML5 changed eth - no longer need flash software to play a video but embed.
	svg built on html5 so browser version should support it to see graphics - d3 can be done in js also but easy few lines in d3.
	raster or bitmap - when resolution changes, definition is lost but not with vector graphics - it is a mathematical definition.
	css knowledge doesn't apply to svg elements.
	many people use url for d3 but I use file saved or their text saved so as to be able to work offline.
	reference from html in correct location and order - it won't understand something if order is wrong. Eg - first d3 then shapes else can't read shapes without it.
	text editor view, web browser view, logical view (hiearchical tree structure), DOM (indented collapsed pieces)
	chaining in js is used a lot so in separate lines.
	.rect to select rectangles that do not exist so empty array - data binds sequentially and whatever remains is put in enter array - enter().append("rect") - add rectangle to data points in enter array; if empty enter then nothing; if more rects than data points then exit is filled - can say exit.remove to remove rects without datapoints.
	minimum attributes without which shape won't appear. make attribute values dynamic thru functions.
	Working of D3 - code, D3 shapes and data array, output.
	selectAll("rect") - it could be any css selector to locate the element.
	after .data(dataArray) - every element of dataArray is already linked to a rectangle.
	just appending rect has added the concept which too abstract to show on page so giving attributes makes it complete.
	all attributes after append - they are applied by all data points b4 next attribute is picked.
	coders prefer path instead of polygon or polyline. line can be wiggly with path and can draw flower with it.
	circle cx - center coordinate of x.
	function(d,i) - use i only if gonna use it in callback function but sequence is important.
	ellipse is not egg cuz symmetrical - horizontal and vertical radius.
	another svg.selectAll("circle") doesn't give any any outcome cuz enter was empty cuz data points matched with existing circles.
	separate the 2 groups by classes - select first selectAll by circle.first class and add attr of class = first to first section. second class to another.
	whenever anything doesn't show up DOM is first place to go after that.
	in line style has precedence over stroke color. Also thru css line {stroke:red} - style beats css - style > css > attribute. Use css then attribute then style.
		1 place eth looks good and style of 30 may need px without which it is rejected.
	Polygon closed shape and Polyline is open shape.
	text is also a shape which can be rotated or stretched.
	Generators
		path is big deal in d3 - wiggly, straight, open like line chart or closed like area chart.
			crucial for advanced graphics.
			groups is necessary for that.
			give all points then z for closed path - M for move to and L for draw line. C for curved, different types of arcs supported.
			interpoloate.js - d3 line and svg line are different - svg line is element and d3 line is a generator.
			path has attribute d which specifies all points and M, L and C or Z etc.
			d3.line to create a function - won't do anything until we call it. d3 has curve property also while svg wants C letter.
		d3 - area - vary y1 as the point that changes with datapoints and y0 same for the axis.
		we have seen line and area generators but there are 20 and they are growing. D3 read API.md
		bl.ocks.org is full of d3 eg. all of them are open source with code available. Mike Bostock is gold standard for D3 codes.
		google search - d3 block histogram.
	groups are conceptual and you can rotate them, move them, reuse them.
	transform - rotate, scale, translate (means shift)
CS - flipkart pipeline of algorithms for warehouse management.
	ask which numbered company not which company.
	let me guess which company.
CS - FreeMind, JSON Editor, erwin. Big Data Foundations:Building Architecture and teams, NoSQL other courses really good.
CS
	regex
		a line not containing - \r\n\s*<(?!checkpoint).*
		Regex lookahead, lookbehind and atomic groups
			bar(?=bar)     finds the 1st bar ("bar" which has "bar" after it)
			bar(?!bar)     finds the 2nd bar ("bar" which does not have "bar" after it)
			(?<=foo)bar    finds the 1st bar ("bar" which has "foo" before it)
			(?<!foo)bar    finds the 2nd bar ("bar" which does not have "foo" before it)
			(?>foo|foot)s applied to foots will match its 1st alternative foo, then fail as s does not immediately follow, and stop as backtracking is disabled
	OData Service and Testing
		OData
			select - BO, Node elements you are gonna use
			web service tags - rename and create, update - on the selected elements - can see the mdrs mapping.
			functions - decide query or action and give it a name; choose parameters in terms of mdrs element name.
			Use postman to verify the OData REST Service.
		Postman steps for ODATA
			Postman URL = ODATA WCV / Service URL 
				try once with $metadata and then remove it for further steps
			fire to get token - Method Type = GET
				http get with header key value, x-csrf-token = fetch and fill basic authorization details under request.
					result : you get authorization id in the request header automatically and x-csrf-token gets updated in response header.
			fire rest call
				in header, replace value for x-csrf-token from fetch to the one obtained in response header
				Authorization set to basic, give user id and password for the system tenant. Next call also sets the authorization id in the request header automatically.
				append rest call name along with its query parameters (in get) or action parameters (?in post) - ensure you set id in quotes.
			obtain the body response. 
				use links obtained to navigate further using other or same rest calls.
					eg - append PurchaseOrderCollection('00163E073D621ED7ACE2471660A56CC3')/PurchaseOrderBillToParty to the rest api name and fire.
			//modify create thru OData - thru entity set.
			//method type = patch for update on odata.
	Precautions
		everything is case sensitive - so query parameter ID case change => all other fields excluding the impact of ID.
		QBE changed QBe - resource not found.
		? - probably we have not implemented OAuth2.0
			Authorization removed - it still works.
			csrf-token removed, character removal still works (probably with the authorization id)
		OData Create XML, Try all CRUD operations not just query which is CRUD - CUD.
	PostMan App
		Library
		Environment - to be set while firing a rest call.
			name and keyValue[].
		Collection - new, import from file / link, etc. Eg - we used a file for making collection of rest calls for ML REST API.
			Requests - click on it to create its instance.
				create it, save on an instance - also saves for the template.
				what request - HTTP Request Type, URL
				request specifics (link = code) = parameters, Authorization, header, body, pre-request scripts, test.
				response - Body, cookies, Headers, 
		Misc - device sync, 
			Team - share collection with users.
				Me - public API Library.
				Users
	Debugging the REST API - 
		Thru postman 
			note the postman errors at different stages of error -
			when IP address is wrong
				could not get any response - error connecting to the domain name or IP address.
			when application name is wrong
				Service cannot be reached - Error 404 not found
			when service endpoint[s] is wrong (anywhere along cascading path) - Messages as follows
				"No implementation for service 'Z_NEW_SERVICES'"
				Resource not found for the segment 'QBE1'
			partial url -
				https://acl-cust120.dev.sapbydesign.com - some dummy html output
					design spelling mistake - could not connect or get response.
				/sap - 404 not found. Logon Error Message / service can't be reached.
					sp - service can't be reached
				/byd - 404 not found. Logon Error Message / service can't be reached.
					byt - html body message - Service cannot be reached (404 not found)
				/odata - List of SAP data protocol services for the current user; many links like srm_sourcingandcontracting_analytics.svc
					odat - html body message (ignore html header message which is logon not possible) Service cannot be reached (404 not found)
				/cust - The Data Services Request could not be understood due to malformed syntax
					'cus' - No implementation for service ''
				/v1 (version) - No implementation for service ''
					No implementation for service 'T'
				/z_new_service (class) - list of collections - used for http xml data. Eg - PurchaseOrderBillToPartyCollection besides others
					No implementation for service 'Z_NEW_SERVICES'
				/QBE (method) - taken all QBE on BO with no filters; if spelling mistake then "Resource not found for the segment 'QBe'"
				?ID='78' - if 78 instead of '78' Invalid function import parameter type for 'ID'. Expected type is 'Edm.String'
					endpoint makes do without that key value pair - maybe you get a response with crux response missing - like only general details for specific query.
			removing headers
				missing authorization - no impact cuz of authorization token maybe.
				missing x-csrf-token - no impact.
					if method type = post, CSRF token validation failed and error 403.
			wrong method type - get instead of post - The specified HTTP method is not allowed for the resource identified by the Data Service Request URI
			Postman messages
				404 not found 
					if replace object id (node id) value with id value - The server has not found any resource matching the Data Services Request URI (so our application sends this message)
				Order not possible; entries missing or inconsistent 
					ordering the ordered po
				The server is refusing to process the request because the entity has a unsupported format (415 - unsupported media type)
					content-type = "application/json" not specified
					https://acl-cust120.dev.sapbydesign.com/sap/byd/odata/cust/v1/khpurchaseorder/PurchaseOrderCollection (201 : created)
				403 forbidden
					bad x-csrf-token - CSRF token validation failed
					sending only x-csrf-token without authorization id and credentails also works fine but removing it, gives 403 forbidden.
				400 bad request - Create not allowed for properties (check metadata for EmployeeResponsibleCollection)
					Request payload body - adding extra variable in json like EmployeeResponsible which was create enabled = false.
				authorization id comes from once credentials used for hitting the system. so gotta send only authorization id if at all.
		Did it reach the server system?
			solution - ping, some way to identify if there was a call from a specific client.
		Did it reach the java application process (servlet)
			solution - use metadata service call which just tells the application is responding.
			if not, ping the server, look at the http headers in the system - does port match.
		Did it reach the service endpoint?
			solution - console print when service endpoint is hit.
		Did it carry out view transformation successfully - I/O of servlets.
			solution - code debuggerer or log printing.
		Did it make HTTP response right
			solution - http response header
		Did it fire to client system.
			solution - Tracert for black box network debugging. send it to some nearby dummy system.
CS - Tableau - Desktop, Prep, Server, Online, Public - for cleaning, individual, enterprise usage, public visualizations.
	Support Drivers to help you connect to a data store thru tableau.
	Files
		tableau workbook - twb - visualizations without source data; 
		tableau data source - tds - stores server address password to access data source; 
		tableau bookmark - tbm - connection to worksheet in another workbook;
		tableau data extract - tde - stores tableau data as filtered and aggregated extract
		tableau packaged workbook - twpx - stores extracted data and visualizations for viewing in tableau or tableau reader - for others to use your tableau work.
	Data Source; Sheets for visualizations 
		Data - Dimensions and Measures.
		Analytics - Forecast - drag a column
		Shelves - Columns, rows
		Cards - Pages, Filters, Marks - Size, Color, Text, Detail, Tooltip.
		Sheet - DropFields 3 sections.
	For Join - Drag Sheets - same column name identified automatically - similarity of name else specify which type of join and which variables.
		Dimensions id as Customers and Orders Table and Measures are numerical variables from there.
		Cleaned with Data Interpreter checkbox. Drag nested Combined Table 2 which Tableau identified on its own and use that instead.
		If 2 dimensions dragged to row - it creates nesting of 2nd over the 1st.
		Shelf, remove pill from the row shelf.
		Change summary operation. Split Text into multiple cols. Column context menu.
		Present Data using story feature - narrative made strong. Made outta sheets. Annotations. New Story point within a story. similar to carousel. Drag possible. Delete.
	To see metadata, go to data source and click on metadata button. Can copy paste into excel.
	Treemap = Dimension (ProdName) + Measure (Sum(Quantity)) in size and color.
	Time dimension - can be broken down in year, quarter, month on click on pill.
	Worksheet - clear and delete and sequence. Highlight color tab for sheets. Revert to saved - discard changes from last save. Print to PDF.
	Visualization to CSV - Export to CSV - Data / Combined Data -> Export to CSV.
	Calculated Field - Analysis / Create Calculated Field / [Quantity]*[Price] OR create calculated Field on shelf - then drag it. Change aggregation to difference.
	Drag the field off to remove it. New measure aggregation - come in same column - drag to measure field for separate cols.
		Analysis / Percentage of = Column. Analysis / Percentage of = Table for not column based calc.
		Sort on Field Value. Wild card, condition filter on aggregated measure. Filter by top, bottom. Edit and clear filter. Filter data using params (eg - how many rows to display - terrific for dashboards)
		Delete usage of parameter before deleting the parameter.
	Groups and sets - Merge 2 rows into a group - Ctrl Select and group icon. Define other group - include checkbox. Update group - find members feature.
	Sets - DMV like only south indian states to show - select the rows and context menu for creating set - drag to filter to see just that.
		can be used in nesting over and Analysis / include subtotals for more info.
		can create combined set - merge 2 sets.
	Pivot/ crosstab - data into metadata and vv. Columns to rows to unpivot. Analysis for subtotals along cols and rows. Also grand totals.
	Stacked chart to bar chart - just drag to columns.
	Scatter plot to plot graphs on numerical or measure variables. Convert measure aggregation to dimension.
	Cluster - Under Analytics Tab - drag the cluster. Summarization of clusters also available. Edit colors.
	Pie chart vs Treemap - labels more easy to understand than pie.
	Histogram - create bins outta data points. ?Different from bar chart or column chart or horizontal bar chart.
	Font Size - use marks card or Format section. Format Shading.
	Presentation Mode for Tableau - F7, etc to show the viz.
	Change text table to highlight table.
	display viz in tooltip - try to capture more information than obvious.
	annotate a viz using context menu on viz element and say mark or area.
	Format chart elements - select line on line chart to make it thicker.
		select a point and right click for drop line effect on axes.
		show color legend by dragging columns to color marks card. Drag and drop legends for changing sequence.
	edit axes - proportion missed out if exclude zero. Log scale for scientific data, etc.
		add reference lines to the chart - say average - click on axis and then select.
	Maps - double click city - and row and cols are decided as longitude and latitude for maps. Even zip code.
		11 unknown - just address that as default or specify it.
		Map Layers like Coastline, Forest like land cover, Country and regional borders.
		Data Layers - Population, race, Occupation, Households. Observe that areas with high per capita income has more sales.
		On Map diagram - Map Analysis using distance measurement tools - circle and rectangle selects points inside the circle; Pan tool to drag; zoom levels.
		custom regions on map as per business - make rectangular selection and create group using icon.
	New Dashboard - add sheets to the dashboard views. 3-4 is about right but some want more.
		views on desktop, tablet, mobile and diff resolution. can resize.
		add product list and context menu - use as filter for dashboard. Give dashboard title.
		dashboard highlight data. Dashboard / Action = Highlight.
		Define a URL action on Dashboard Action.
	2019 latest version - Create Maps using Vector Images - Satellite and Outdoor views. Sorting Controls; swap sheets in dashboard.
		Define Parameter Action.
CS - System Calls
	https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/343783/why-system-calls-are-limited-to-c-language-as-far-as-i-see
	https://www.quora.com/How-can-we-interact-with-a-computers-hardware-using-C-language
CS - OAuth 2 Working
	client id, secret token, Request token, Permitted Request token, Access Token, Refresh Token.
	FB eg - gave us app id, app secret, client token.
	https://www.varonis.com/blog/what-is-oauth/
		When the service issues the access token, it also generates a refresh token that never expires and returns that in the response as well. (Note that refresh tokens can't be issued using the Implicit grant.) When the access token expires, the application can use the refresh token to obtain a new access token.
	may last anywhere from the current application session to a couple weeks
		When the access token expires, the application will be forced to make the user sign in again, so that you as the service know the user is continually involved in re-authorizing the application.
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3487991/why-does-oauth-v2-have-both-access-and-refresh-tokens
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4113934/how-is-oauth-2-different-from-oauth-1
		in ML on SIV - consumer already had our credentials but fine.
CS - gcc is program executable file which parses a file and creates executables.
	dll - dynamically linked libraries - exe can be really bulky so dll to save MM space requirement.
	gcc is read by shell to fork the process thru execvp or so.
	similar concept is used by jre to load only relevant files which are called.
	Although bytecode is similar to machine language, but it is not the machine language of any actual computer. A Java interpreter or a just-in-time compiler (JIT) is used to run the compiled Java bytecode . Each platform needs its own Java bytecode interpreter, but all these interpreters interpret the same bytecode.
	java abc - it's jvm which will run and call jre libs during its run and abc is actual machine program code which is platform independent.
		looks like every file or method is interpreted machine specific instructions and run. and implemented such that dynamic memory request? then implementation of conversion such that before "malloc" create some data structures also to track the garbage collection.
	think of java as framework or better called as platform - java gives control to program only to be returned by some "java instruction" like dynamic memory request to return control back to java runtime.
		multi-threading is facility given by OS which is availed by java.
	NodeJS just doesn't give support for creating threads like java but every request is entertained simultaneously - so threading does exist at that level but not while running.
		private static are dangerous in web applications cuz multiple requests will access those static variables and may lead to racing; I have also used private static but I shouldn't - anyways I overwrite them anyways and don't rely and their existing values and hence it works fine.
		some piece of code like number assignment should be dealt like critical section - 2 processes can't read it simultaneously and lead racing condition and both getting same numbers.
		This is 1 more bug in X4 that 2 users using the systems will get only because 1 class using static constructor to avoiding creating a member object if it already exists - 1 uses the other.
		JAVA has n instances for n user request threads but node has 1 instance for n threads of requests.
			all those threads ask for services from 1 node instance. So it keeps listening for services or tokens - whenever any request is made - that's just a token kept for later processing.
			1 NodeJS runtime instance (or thread, loosely speaking) attending to all - think of it as 1 "static" class being asked services from - every request must come thru an "interface" which just registers tokens for processing when its turn comes.
CS - ML Maths - Shannon Entropy and Information Gain
	Entropy - randomness. Opposite of knowledge or degree of certainity of any outcome.
	Imagine 3 red and 1 blue ball - P(selection of 4 balls with replacement yielding same sequence) = P(R).P(R).P(R).P(B) = (0.75)^3.(0.25)^1 
	but products bad, sum good - cuz decimal places. Solution convert product to sum thru logs - 3*log(0.75) + 1*log(0.25) - it will be negative so let's negate it and let's average it over selections.
	Entropy = -m/(m+n) *lg(m/(m+n)) - n/(m+n) *lg(n/(m+n)) - smaller the value the more certain we are, larger value means uncertainity or greater randomness.
	When probability is 1 then it higly certain so low entropy so with 0 but probability of 1/2 is very uncertain so high entropy. But please note we are talking about randomness in the environment or sample space not a sample.
	More random variables - how to order them in entropy, how to order them in terms of how easy it is to guess a random letter.
	Brilliant proposal - Average number of yes/no questions we need to ask to guess what letter we picked. So, average height of the decision tree.
		Naive Approach - is it A, is it B, is it C, is it D - 4th question is redundant so 3 questions.
		set based, say AABBCCDD - is it A or B, 2 branches - is it A; is it C? for equal distribution - expected 1/4*log(1/4) * 4 = 2 and actual 1/4*2*4 = 2 (Bingo!)
			for AAAABBCD - 1/2*2 + 1/4*2 + 1/8*2 + 1/8*2 = 2 but expected was much less.
		smart set based approach, smartest way of asking questions
			for AAAABBCD - is it A; is it B; is it C? Actual = 1/2*1 + 1/4*2 + 1/8*1 + 1/8*1 = 1.75 and actuals also same = - 1/2lg(1/2) - 1/4lg(1/4) - 2*1/8lg(1/8) = 1/2+1/2+3/4 = 0.75
	Entropy = -SIGMA(i=1:n)-> (p(i).lg(p(i)) 
		lg(n) questions on an average for equal distribution for biased distribution, it keeps on becoming smaller.
CS - Python
	features and labels
	pycharm - python
	set the path of pycharm
	pip install sklearn, quandl, pandas.
	pip list
	python path - use command inside
CS
	GIT - features branches are not person based but feature based - 3 people working on same feature should have same feature.Communication
		Sir, please teach me ML calling - just gotta make a call - takes his smartphone out.
	GIT SSO Access - Generate Token online
		Personal access tokens function like ordinary OAuth access tokens. They can be used instead of a password for Git over HTTPS, or can be used to authenticate to the API over Basic Authentication.
		Ensure GIT Config - git config --list -> credential.helper=manager
		Control Panel -> Credential Manager -> Windows Credentials -> Generic Credentials for GIT Link to contain the created token.
	GIT limitation - race condition with people of testing your code b4 pushing - you do it and someone else could have tested pushed b4 you 5 mins back and you need pull his changes and retest - if at all.
		merge vs rebase and pushing - origin/dev and dev are 1 commit ahead; feature1 is 1 commit forked. Rebase at dev to make its latest commit go above feature1's changes - pushing this to remote origin/dev should be denied and probably it is.
		inter-project merge - ability to push only the patch even if on different project - but changes should make sense to the directory structure.
CS - JS - async await - 
	why await inside async - await says do not proceed with next statement until promise is fully resolved. so await should always call an async function? not necessary.
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16523870/is-javascript-synchronousblocking-or-asynchronousnonblocking-by-default
	JS is synchronous by default but can be made to behave like async.
	function resolveAfter2Seconds() {
	  return new Promise(resolve => {
		setTimeout(() => {
		  console.log('shyam');
		  resolve('resolved');
		}, 2000);
		console.log('shyama');
	  });
	}
	async function asyncCall() {
	  var result = await resolveAfter2Seconds();
	  console.log('calling');
	  result = await resolveAfter2Seconds();
	  console.log(result);
	  // expected output: 'resolved'
	}
	async function something() {
		await asyncCall();
		console.log('calling1');
		console.log('calling2');
		console.log('calling3');
		console.log('calling4');
		console.log('calling5');
	}
	something();
	callback is like functional pointer only which is a great help if some middle portion is to be generalized.
	vs promise then - create dependent callbacks chains with great ease - not a replacement for callbacks cuz callbacks also permit calls from middle of the function.
	https://javascript.info/promise-chaining
CS - REST ODATA SOAP, etc
	OData vs REST
		The difference is that OData is a specific protocol; REST is architecture style and design pattern. REST is a generic design technique used to describe how a web service can be accessed. 
		Using REST you can make http requests to get data. ... OData is a specific technology that exposes data through REST.
		The OData protocol is built on top of the AtomPub protocol. The AtomPub protocol is one of the best examples of REST API design. 
		So, in a sense you are right - the OData is just another REST API and each OData implementation is a REST-ful web service.
		The difference is that OData is a specific protocol; REST is architecture style and design pattern.
	REST vs SOAP vs RPC
		https://raygun.com/blog/soap-vs-rest-vs-json/
CS - BHIM UPI Workings - Google Pay, PhonePe, PayTM, Bank Apps supporting all UPI.
	Application registration thru Phone number registered with them. With all the details.
	Account addition however - you send the ATM details and OTP sent to your registered mobile number asking you to create your UPI/VPA and Password.
CS - OO Concepts
	Avoid global shit - it is in no1's state - it is like a ball on a floor which any person around and kick and you are using that ball which could be anywhere.
	Even private methods may have global variables as class variables (they ain't class attributes but may ease a task like a universal scrum board for e1 to fill.)
	even in those case think of public methods as contracts with your team and private methods as how your internal team coordinates to get there 
		I decided to use mv_root_node_id as global for all private methods but even passing 
	refactoring is preferred but not a compulsion - don't break OO concepts to accomodate refactoring - it just makes code easy to read and make sense out of.
	I make call to a class asking for book prices I sent only titles - the class object expected book id - My call was a problem cuz what I passed wasn't a real world object as expected.
		callee will complain - you didn't pass id of the book to me - that's a complain for caller not the end user!!
		caller may want to log error or exception messages returned from other modules so that they can customize their own error codes that they surface - think message mapping from BO to ECO.
		over here, for caller, it's an exception where the API didn't behave as expected for whatever fault of his own.
		the logged exceptions pay off - st22 transaction maintains all the exceptions encountered - userwise. You need to account for those places and raise apt messages.
		use logger in java. but it won't tell you the state of system when it dumped - but we can always record that in catch.
CS - if you maintain file name in DB and file outside - then on deletion of all references also the file will remain occupying disc space.
CS - Window stuck in unretrievable land after disconnect from old monitor - select window - perform (window(+shift)+Left/right) to get it back.
	or select window - alt + enter / m / use left or right key to move window in direction you want / enter to stop.
	try win + d twice to minimize all and maximize all again.
	can press win + p to reset connected projector properties.
CS - Standardization of softwares
	Photo Editors - capabilities, set of limitations - what's doable and what's not 
	eg - making hexagonal photoshots of team in a frame in paint - difficulty involved vs using ppt for same.
	copy photo from outlook - how?
CS - Look at a program to convert roman to arabic and vv.
CS - Unlike java, in abap, you can have placeholder for class name as well.
CS
	why server checks - fabricate http request
	google: typescript debugging vscode
	google: express generator
	callback functions - javascript asynchronous 
	boilerplate code for db connection
	modeling mapped to the github repo - ref
	dockerizing the node.js
	no hotfix cycles
	cucumber vs selenium - Selenium is a testing framework, whereas Cucumber is a behavior driven development tool. The selenium process makes the testing more reliable and dependable, whereas Cucumber testing is not reliable comparatively.
	power of setter getter is to restrict when to permit a requested change and when not and also easy debugging
	constructor is must on subclass
	constructor parameters automatically creates a property
	if not implemented interface but same features then it's implied.
	sometimes you should return copy of an object you store to ensure that it's not manipulated by the consumers.
	npm install system.js after download or place in path if script link doesn't work.
	declare key word
	DM and PM completeness discuss
	a diagram showing versions of git - and how projection of them is what matters to us and change is what is stored on the data points.
		aggregation along the axis to get to the final version.
	Love Yourself or. ... To love yourself means to accept yourself as you are and to come to terms with those aspects of yourself that you cannot change.
		It means to have self-respect, a positive self-image, and unconditional self-acceptance.
	tsconfig.json - declaration = true for libraries for others.
	npm install tsd - download declarations of 3rd party tool.
		tsd query jquery - tsd install jquery
		typings download just once.
		tsd jquery --save; delete the typings and try again tsd install
		tsconfig.json - sourceMap = true - js gets a special comment about mapping file.
			browsers do all the hard work.
		namespaces are implemented thru IIFE - Immediately invoked Function and external - file based
			module: system rather than commonjs and no need for namespaces for export.
		same aliases possible for reference after importing thru require.
		ECMA2015
			import * as Model from './model' vs import {t1,t2} from './model'
				use as for alias if you want.
				alias for t1 also possible.
			import './jquery' - it should get loaded - not relying on any particular export.
			Module Loader until browsers adopt it - system.js - replace all scripts with system.js online path.
				using system object, set default js extension and import app.
				code in app.js will start working.
	Headphone
		Volume - volume, mute, noise cancellation, 8-D Surround
		Mic - mic mute
		Integration - bluetooth, laptop
		Charging endpoint.
	BYD on command line
	IDEA bot that attends meeting on our behalf and gives summary of points - MoM for us.
	ability to interleave in work is very healthy when it comes to hands down work. Not for concentrated work which requires wits else lot of context switch time wasted.
	best arch - all data validity checks before firing xml. once xml fired and error cuz of combination of data elements - then inform end user about the cause.
		else problem is with us and we gotta rectify - so automate the seeing PI error message and informing customer about it.
CS
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4523496/is-it-possible-to-pull-from-one-repo-and-push-to-other-one
	2 parallel docs why no problems - 2 threads for separate transactions or same buffer handling 2 separate transactions with no overlap - locks take care of overlap.
	breaking tasks down to basics for updates.
	git - you can file version mgmt of different formats like image and what not but it won't track the changes. Every update is update on full file.
	Employee responsible not getting filled and throwing error cuz you are a support user and don't have an employee - it doesn't come from original invoice.
	Proc Type - SF, SP, O (order), C (contract), D (delivery)
	npm - install, link, run build, run start
	configurations on run with what all needs to run with it.
	pgadmin needs to be running while we run that.
CS
	hiroku free deployment of apps - different appNames cuz of the url must be different like git must have different repo names
	Rest Service calls - like GIS systems - geoIPService some 500 free calls per day.
	when you fork a branch and make changes
CS
	Data Protection and Privacy
	Information Security Fundamentals 2019
	Customer First - Trust, Value and Experience. Quite simply, good experience builds trust, which drives value for our customers.
	Our customers place their trust in us to help them run at their best. We have a responsibility to ensure we deliver on that trust by bringing value to everything we do for our customers. We need to be obsessed about delighting our customers with the best possible experience at every single interaction.
	right nature of expenses under right expense head in books of account
	Why Recording - direct impact on the program costs!
		Other SAP-wide reasons: Compliance, Taxation, Strategy, Workforce Distribution, Calculating a Product's profitability, margins etc.
CS - given a file - tell all the functions
	given a file tell the tree of functions invoked (in terms of IF giving branches)
	given a file (containing main program tell tree of functions (with calls giving branches ignoring or considering if-branches))
	gotta write a parser which would ignore eth except function call syntax and then ignore eth except former + control blocks (which can be variables or functional calls)
		this is easy in java but not so much in abap.
CS - VB script for rearranging columns is indispensible
	VB script to reallign items is desirable from testers perspective.
CS - reflections API
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6094575/creating-an-instance-using-the-class-name-and-calling-constructor
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15338610/dynamically-loading-a-typescript-class-reflection-for-typescript
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20985117/create-a-new-class-using-a-string-name-in-typescript/21159196
CS - Tenants
	https://axerosolutions.com/blogs/timeisenhauer/pulse/146/single-tenant-vs-multi-tenant-business-software (also pros and cons mentioned)
		Multi-tenancy means that a single instance of the software and all of the supporting infrastructure serves multiple customers. Each customer shares the software application and also shares a single database. The data is tagged in the database as belonging to one customer or another, and the software is smart enough to know who the data belongs to.
		A single instance of the software and all of the supporting infrastructure serves a single customer. With single tenancy, each customer has their own independent database and instance of the software. With this option, theres essentially no sharing going on. Everyone has their own, separate from everyone else.
	Multi-tenant vs multi-user
		Any system may have multiple users. In a multi-user system multiple users can use the application (e.g. Exact Synergy). The term multi-user does not imply anything for the architecture of the system. 
			On the other hand, while a multi-tenant system is a multi-user system, multi-tenancy tells us something about the architecture of the system: namely that multiple users share the same application and database instance. Note that it is possible to have a multi-user system, which is not multi-tenant.
CS - System Testing is testing (UAT - UI) - Test all user actions against your software.
	we can make it minimalistic by making a graph of all operations and ensuring all edge traversal - re-run algo on addition of new edge (use a swing like framework to have that control - higher abstraction)
	Unit Testing and Integration Testing is at modular levels.
		integration testing is all in the mid way until you reach from UT to ST.
	RnD guys are interesting - PhD guys take a topic and they know in and out of the stuff.
CS - https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/157324/decision-trees-vs-neural-networks
CS - grep -o <string> <file> | wc -l
	for counting the number of occurences of words - repetitions in a line are ignored.
	grep -o -i iphone Tweet_Data | wc -l suggested in stackoverflow
	grep "\." new\ 2.txt | wc -l
CS - VMWare Working internally
CS - logistic regression - cost function just looking for a function that penalizes more as we approach farther from real value
	also because it has property of being convext and statistics principle of maximum likelihood estimation.
	https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/477207/derivative-of-cost-function-for-logistic-regression
	fminunc - function minimization unconstrained. GradObj - Grandient Objective - we are gonna provide grandients.
CS - dangers of member variable being public - anyone from anywhere could have written over it in object's lifetime
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16902224/executing-block-of-code-atomically
	OTP - One True Pairing
	Count Statements 
	  grep -o "/." new \2.txt | wc -l
CS - Like technical scenarios make a program; business scenarios make an architecture (Design Patterns based on that)
CS - ctrl+window+c - to set black and white screen and vv.
CS - Middleware
	software that acts as a bridge between an operating system or database and applications, especially on a network.
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22041752/github-clone-succeeded-but-checkout-failed
CS - Data Science Design Patterns
CS - Data Model - Eg - Excel, FB - all apps have their data model (unique vocab sufficient to describe the thing)
	has many schema instances across and within types of data models
		1 schema instance can have n actual data objects or entities.
	abstraction of all data objects makes a schema.
	abstraction of all schema makes a data model.
	in engineering the vocab doesn't matter so much until both parties understand what is to be built - it is ability to think in terms of knowledge that matters.
CS - From my understanding and google search, the "S" in OOPS stands for "systems". In fact there is a conference called OOPS conference and it stands for "Object-Oriented Programming Languages & Systems" Conference
CS - REST is an architectural style, while SOAP is a protocol. REST is not a standard in itself, but RESTful implementations make use of standards, such as HTTP, URI, JSON, and XML.
	they don't use https - but can!! JAX-RS would use http - check!!
	why use rest security if https - 
		HTTPS is very good at preventing eavesdropping and "man in the middle" attacks. As it encrypts all traffic for a session.
		But as most people are using the default certificates which came with their browser and have no idea how to create their own personal certificate or configure the browser to use it.
		This makes HTTPS pretty useless for user authentication other than protecting an authentication dialog from eavesdropping etc.
		REL why do we need gmail credentials if we use HTTPS anyway 
			we trust certification authorities servers - verizon, microsoft that come preinstalled in browser software.
			?authentication of user is different than securing a connection. ok then why not just username. anyone can fire my username using https.
CS - 
	Links
		https://superuser.com/questions/991457/how-do-i-display-a-list-of-wi-fi-connections-using-netsh
		https://www.windowscentral.com/how-manage-wireless-networks-using-command-prompt-windows-10
		google : find all wifi on windows command line
		https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=dns+commands+in+window+command+prompt&page=&utm_source=opensearch
	Links
		Share Administration Tool for access to Shared HDD and what not.
			https://sat.wdf.global.corp.sap/Services.aspx
		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKZFmP2EyAM
		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTq5UhmX_bg
		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzZO2mHoHK8
CS - You can use Thread.currentThread().getStackTrace().
	That returns an array of StackTraceElements that represent the current stack trace of a program
	also possible in other ways and other languages and it's very powerful if you think about it.
CS - Session State - 
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2ThNeTIYIo
	Google - graph db fb
	Tensorflow via rest - sap basis, r/3, netweaver, sap logon - details.
	Google - Netweaver vs S/4 Hana vs BYD - Netweaver is on a layer below.
	Google - benefits of OSS contribution - stackoverflow
	Best HTTP MOnitoring tool for windows - google - stackoverflow
	Google - IT career guidance
CS - equivalent of ambari for web applications to monitor it at runtime
CS - Slant website insights 
	https://www.slant.co/versus/111/1537/~javascript_vs_haskell
	rankings of PL - https://www.slant.co/versus/111/1537/~javascript_vs_haskell
	What is the best programming language to learn first? Python
	What are the best languages for learning functional programming? Haskell
	What are the best programming languages to build a 2D videogame for PC? C#
	For command line utilities - Python.
CS - https://www.os-js.org/
CS - Portable, light weight NodeJS, Implementations of NodeJS,
	LinkedIn? From ROR 30 servers to NodeJS re-engineered - 3 servers.
	and 20 times more performant. Very light weight.
	Disadvantages more complex application to manage - not straight forward like JAVA.
	Single Threaded - the core run time of NodeJS. 100 requests coming and give this speed.
		Uses Async Event Loop
CS - you can have OOPL and iterate over same internal table for multiple purposes or you can have structural style where single iteration and do all the purpose with that iteration.
	OOPL will give you clarity but you have a compromise on performance.
	eg - with item iteration perform check for objrel for each item, perform schedule lines check, enrich payment schedules, update the quantities.
	item internal table will generally have less instances so OOPL for clarity is always desirable in the application industries.
	single pull of relevant data from db is preferable over multiple requests - of course, gotta trade off with memory usage.
CS - How to solve blue screen problem?
CS - NoSQL
	A small point to add, Most of the NoSQL offerings also offer, Consistency levels for users to choose. 
	So, If I want to make sure my users read always consistent data I can have strong consistency which means a write is acknowledged only when a quorum of replicas have  also acknowledged it. 
	This makes sure,  consistency is present even when one of the replicas go down. But obviously the tradeoff is the writes are slow. 
	If availability is preferred over consistency,  then Eventual consistency can be choosen in which the writes are acknowledged 
		when the present replica writes it in memory, hoping that all other replicas catch up with the write "eventually".
CS - Distributed Databases
	needs to be managed such that for the users it looks like one single database.
		Homogeneous Database - identical storage
		Heterogeneous Database - can be different OS, Data Model, etc.
	ways
		Replication 
			increases the availability of data at different sites. Also, now query requests can be processed in parallel.
			needs to be constantly updated else inconsistency
			concurrency control becomes way more complex as concurrent access now needs to be checked over a number of sites.
		Fragmentation
			relations are fragmented and each of the fragments is stored in different sites where theyre required.
			fragments are such that they can be used to reconstruct the original relation - lossless fragmentation
			doesnt create copies of data, consistency is not a problem
			Horizontal fragmentation  Splitting by rows  The relation is fragmented into groups of tuples so that each tuple is assigned to at least one fragment
			Vertical fragmentation  Splitting by columns  The schema of the relation is divided into smaller schemas. Each fragment must contain a common candidate key so as to ensure lossless join.
		In certain cases, an approach that is hybrid of fragmentation and replication is used
	Relational databases were not designed to run efficiently on clusters
	data storage needs of an ERP application are lot more different than the data storage needs of a Facebook or an Etsy, for example
	https://www.thoughtworks.com/insights/blog/nosql-databases-overview
CS - Functional Programming
	Well, Jane Street, a proprietary trading company that does a lot of software development, uses OCaml
	Facebook, which you might have heard of, uses Haskell for spam detection and implementing languages internally.
	Erlang is becoming very popular these days for highly distributed and fault-tolerant applications
		read: dealing with lots of data across many servers
	Functional programming is a general-purpose paradigm, designed to help programmers do all sorts of things, but in particular it is obviously useful in:
		compiler or interpreter - take in a tree-like structure, processes it in some way, and return a new tree-like structure. This sort of process can be nicely expressed in functional languages
		Concurrent and parallel systems
			processes to share the same data and encourage embarrassingly parallel designs where different threads of execution do not need to communicate at all
			let the compiler know what parts of the program can be automatically parallelized, at least in theory, which is potentially a great opportunity for parallelism without the great burden it usually imposes on programmers.
		Highly secure or safe systems - typesafe like Haskel - make very strong guarantees about what the program can or cannot do
			Proof-assistant languages such as Coq, which usually closely resemble functional languages, can prove basically arbitrary properties about programs written in them.
			INRIA wrote a provably correct C compiler in Coq and OCaml, for example (whats really impressive about this, beside that its a sizeable project that is basically proven bug-free, is that the performance of the generated code is very respectable).
		general-purpose paradigm
			Linux window manager, XMonad, is written in Haskell; its fast, lightweight, highly configurable, and it has never crashed on me
			People have written everything from operating systems to video games to HTTP servers in functional languages
		Haskell is also used in programs that help reduce the threat of DDoS attacks
		https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-practical-application-areas-for-functional-programming-in-the-real-world
CS - Functional languages such as Standard ML, Scheme and Scala do not restrict side effects, but it is customary for programmers to avoid them. The functional language Haskell expresses side effects such as I/O and other stateful computations using monadic actions.
	https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/369770/do-functional-programming-languages-disallow-side-effects
CS - Cloud Design Patterns - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/patterns/ambassador
CS - Programming mistakes - technical words - Error, bug, defect, etc
	Syntax error, runtime error, logical error.
	DEFECT:  It can be simply defined as a variance between expected and actual
		?Implementation Variance
		Types
			Wrong - variance from the given specification - not implemented as per specification
			Missing - requirement of the customer that was not fulfilled
			Extra: A requirement incorporated into the product that was not given by the end customer
			ERROR: An error is a mistake, misconception, or misunderstanding on the part of a software developer
				leads to change the functionality of the program.
			BUG: A bug is the result of a coding error
				programming error that causes a program to work poorly, produce incorrect results or crash
				terminology of Tester
			FAILURE: A failure is the inability of a software system or component to perform its required functions within specified performance requirements
				When a defect reaches the end customer it is called a Failure
			FAULT: An incorrect step, process or data definition in a computer program which causes the program to perform in an unintended or unanticipated manner.			
	A mistake in coding is called Error, error found by tester is called Defect, defect accepted by development team then it is called Bug, build does not meet the requirements then it Is Failure. ... In other words Defect is the difference between expected and actual result in the context of testing
	https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/pogue-5-most-embarrassing-software-bugs-in-history/?redirect=1
	https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Year_2000_problem
	downpayment from po, ovs on payment, payment terms thingy.
CS - Programming Paradigms
	programming paradigm is a style, or way, of programming. Never use the phrase "programming language paradigm." paradigm is abstract not concrete like language.
	if a programming language L happens to make a particular programming paradigm P easy to express, then we often say L is a P language (e.g. Haskell is a functional programming language)
	Paradigms are not meant to be mutually exclusive; a single program can feature multiple paradigms!
	Wiki - Common programming paradigms include:
		imperative in which the programmer instructs the machine how to change its state,
			procedural which groups instructions into procedures,
			object-oriented which groups instructions together with the part of the state they operate on,
		declarative in which the programmer merely declares properties of the desired result, but not how to compute it
			functional in which the desired result is declared as the value of a series of function applications,
			logic in which the desired result is declared as the answer to a question about a system of facts and rules,
			mathematical in which the desired result is declared as the solution of an optimization problem
	Some researchers criticise the notion of paradigms as a classification of programming languages. cuz 1 language fits many paradigms sometimes.
CS - IQGrats - Using xrep to find how our ruby script is converted to js and run that one directly in the calculation rule.
	Easy way write that code is to write it in existing byd system and have it converted to JS and run that directly from the backend.
	It was not working all this while cuz ruby script isn't understood by the UI Framework and it would run into exception.
	This means during activation the ruby is converted into js and kept in the uicomponent file as exit to be called by JS that UI team has written.
CS - Reception handles
	1. visitor ledger
	2. laptop ledger
	3. Wait for my contact person to accompany me.
	1. Authenticate themselves
	2. temp badge ledger.
	Single Threaded Blocking - Wait for others in queue. Prob is queue piles up.
	Multi Threaded Blocking - Hire many receptions. Let 7 else attend you. 1 receptionist can still handle 1 and lots of money involved.
		Ledger simply waits while the users jobs are being done.
		engagement of receptionist was minimal - simply waiting for user to complete its task.
	Single Threaded Non blocking - not waiting for operation
		Tray for what to do and visitor walks in - here is your visitor ledger - once done drop number in queue and attend to you.
		Operations like IO, File Read Write, memory read write, Network Read Write.
		Works good as long as only job of receptionist is coordination.
CS - Methods parameters prefer objects over ids (OO remember)
	DB is anyway performed before correctness of inputs against business context is verified. Opening again is costly.
		less validations required per month - assume entity exists in db than waste time existence.
		passing ids to 3 methods each calling db vs 3 methods dealing with entities.
	New Programmers, Future self will understand it more readily with objects
		id of wrong entity won't be passed by mistake - type safety
	refactoring - if requirements change to include another member attribute of object
	But maybe if there ain't db access - than entities of smaller granularity should be preferred. Your methods should be a service (like a person performing it)
	Member variables - define an object as its characteristics - tables common across methods.
CS - OAuth - Appname -> client id, client secret --authorization end point --> authorization code --access token end point --> access token --rest service call--> response.
CS - Session state and application variable are part of Asp.net server side state management concepts. If you want to save the user specific data use session state. If you want to save the application level data then use application variable.
CS - JAVA class is C struct with function pointers.
	you create an object - you create a struct in heap with function pointers as some members and any call to the method is a function call with first term being the structure itself stored in this.
	Alternate way of thinking it is class is a function - as in JS and others.
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1403890/how-do-you-implement-a-class-in-c
	UI - Request*, 
CS - https://thoughtbot.com/blog/how-to-make-a-chrome-extension
CS - IDE layers of abstraction
	About
	Views interactions with each other.
	View - config for every view and running.
		Project - build, run, debug, files for config info.
			Terminal, Probs, Output, debug console.
		Files - Open, save, etc.
		Content - Selection, Go, Edit
CS - given an if-else block - we can draw a truth table for output and then come up with a block of our choice wisely.
	TypeCode_NV			ProductTypeCode			Material/Service
	18											M
	19											S
	84					1						M
	84					2						S
CS - worker-nodes. A node. js library to run cpu-intensive tasks in a separate processes and to not block the event loop.
CS - UI File change vs UI Designer - delete the column using tool vs from the file - tool guarantees full coverage of deletion impacts while in file manipulation you are on your own.
	IDEA - to enable write enabled locks on the file; we need to organize its usage - let's say all agree to use it using a tool then that tool's extension can be made.
		think if some windows extension is possible - Common Windows file extensions (yes, it is possible) - but all need to install that extension.
CS - ML Article
	Individual Perspective, Industry perspective, Aesthetic perspective.
	Applications (Features  as business users should view it): Some cool applications possible.
	Scope /Capabilities (Architectural view): Types of learning, 
	Implementations: Languages, trained models, high level APIs, low level APIs.
	Research perspective - Library Implementations & Maths behind it
CS - Design Patterns by definition are the real life situations that show up over and again but it stems from object oriented capabilities.
	the undercurrent of object oriented - that's OOAD is far more important but covers concepts not their permutations and Combinations in real life for effective designs.
	but design patterns present some examples that make real life designing easiler and elegant.
CS - DP with exact weight not less than or equal to weight to maximize value - then bottom up may not be best approach cuz candidate solutions for 1 square is more than one.
	so top down recursion with leaves returning 0 only if remaining weight becomes exactly zero. if n=0 and remaining weight remains return -1. if remaining weight is negative return -1.
	at root, if returned is -1 return 0 else return whatever maximum weight is obtained.
	storing in memory to be done only while returning - this saves lot of hassle. This is a question for Samsung RnD which I solved.
CS - OS - bearing on programming - abstract out
	https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/input-output-system-calls-c-create-open-close-read-write/
	https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/system-call-in-c/
	https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~guna/15-123S11/Lectures/Lecture24.pdf
	Inside the game - how are these shell commands or system calls implemented.
	Also tools that make eth you studied visible - eg - process explorer helps you find the processes which are using a file.
	https://www.howtogeek.com/235474/how-to-roll-back-builds-and-uninstall-updates-on-windows-10/
CS - Node JS will require more memory or less CPU
	as per the process it follows: when only 1 request then it's usage will resemble others when CPU bound statements but IO bound then also it will be engaged while other would wait; multiple threads ones will also wait for IO but other threads might be doing CPU or IO at that time - so overall thread will be processing multiple tracks although consume more memory and also CPU if it's not IO statements. If IO statements all of them will just wait for system call to do its things.
	in general, 1 request no significant difference. multiple threads will guarantee fast execution and more memory usage and more CPU usage across cores but if all of them stuck in IO then all of them wait and nothing gets done in that time. If some of them in IO those guys simply wait but others proceed with things. NodeJS asynchronously calls OS system call and while internally 1 thread runs on 
	with n request, nodeJS every time some statement of some request is under execution. With threads, mutliple statements across process can be under run but if all of them IO then all are just waiting. NodeJS will occupy more memory to save context as do threads but nodeJS would be running something else and while all of threads will be waiting which is not the case that all IO are simultaneous wait.
	Summary of my take - NodeJS should take lesser memory and CPU resources (except context saving-retrieving and it's own overheads) but with not doing multiple things at a time (CPU bound ones), it may get lesser things done (of course cuz used lesser CPU and memory - but we won't mind consuming resources to fullest on servers on which nodeJS is deployed).
	Veredict - Java will almost always be faster than Node. js, unless it is used stupidly. This is because sharing memory amongst threads is a lot faster than IPC. Also, the Java Virtual Machine has something like 15 years more development than the V8 runtime.
		authority - https://rclayton.silvrback.com/speaking-intelligently-about-java-vs-node-performance
	vs go - Node.js is based on JavaScript, an interpreted language, which renders it generally slower than most of the compiled languages.
	And indeed, in this respect Go beats it by far, as one of the goals its developers tried to achieve was better performance.
	But 1 thing if node is always engaged so while IO happens instead of picking another request, it gets on with the other code and by the time the result of IO becomes important after CPU bound statements, it would have already been finished by an asynchronous operation and thus, end of the day the request took time lesser than CPU statements time + IO statements time and took almost CPU statements time cuz IO statements were done asynchronously. So, that can make Node faster for small projects and not complex logic apps - we can even consider spawning new node processes for new complex logics but within the Node process is a flop show.
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30638549/why-node-js-is-fast-when-its-single-threaded
CS - Prefixes
	super - placed above or over - super class, super block - generalized!?
	hyper - excess/ over (hyper-glucoma - high on glucose)
		hypertext - text with extra emphasis - higher layer to the regular text - giving some properties about it.
	meta - self conscious (meta physics - let's scrutinize how we do physics)
		metadata - data looks like this but present its abstract form to me - what other ways it could have looked.
	para (beside) - paramilitary (looks like military but ain't)
CS - Debug methods
	Debug by combinations (which inputs combinations work and which don't - it works for that but not this cuz what's difference in input, what if I give this input to that)
	logs (write logs already or at debug time)
	code debug (top down identification of failure point - big bang method)
	checkpoints (message class must be hit), message backtracking
	stack trace at fault point (what stage were we at and what was wrong with expectations of consumer)
CS - Writing logs is costly even on console it's like IO which takes a lot of time.
	do you see the program running slower after you start writing logs in a loop (say) - yes I did.
CS - Recall is given actual positives, how well you identified. Precision is after you identfied what's likehood of your being right.
	Precision - P(+|say +) - likelihood
	Recall - P(say +|+) - probability
CS - does Teams use Kafka for topics queuing? Not sure
CS - Design Patterns
	Creation
		FactoryMethod - Runtime switch from config
			class FactoryMethod {
				public makeObjOfType(C) {
					switch(C) {
						case 'C1': return new C1();
						case 'C2': return new C2();
					}
				}
			}
			class Main {
				FactoryMethod fm = new FactoryMethod();
				fm.makeObjOfType('C1');
			}
		AbstractFactory - 2-levels FactoryMethod
			abstract class Fact {
				abstract FactSp(C);
				createObj(C) {
					FactSp(C);
				}
			}
			class Fact1 extends Fact {
				FactSp(C) {
					switch(C)
						case 'Farmhouse' : return new FarmhouseFromFact1(); break;
						...
				}
			}
			class Fact2 extends Fact {
				FactSp(C) {
					switch case;
				}
			}
			class Main {
				Fact fact = Fact1();	//even could be made dynamically from some static method in Fact class.
				fact.createObj('Farmhouse');
				
			}
			Eg - Different pizza types from different cities, multiple DBs.
		Builder - client tells creator how to make (specification class on how-to)
			class Builder1 extends Builder {
				method step1() {}
				method step2() {}
			}
			class Builder2 extends Builder {
				method step1() {}
				method step2() {}
			}
			class Server {
				Builder b;
				setBuilder(b) {}
				makeObj() {
					b.step1();
					...
					b.step2();
				}
			}
			class Client {
				Server.setBuilder(new Builder1());
				Server.makeObj();
			}
			Eg - File UI Component to UI Designer.
		Prototype - tell me object, I make a clone for you.
			class P {
				copy(C) {C.copy()}
			}
			Class C1 {
				copy(){return new C1()}
			}
			Class C2 {
				copy(){return new C2()}
			}
			class Client {
				P.copy(new C1());
			}
		ObjectPool
			//temp
			//have a list of processses.
			checkout() {
				lock a process();
			}
			release() {
				unlock a process();
			}
		Singleton - 1 instance possible
			class S {
				private S;
				getInstance() {
					if(s == null) {
						synchronized(this) {
							if(s == null) {
								return s = new S();
							}
						}
					}
				}
			}
	Structural
		Adapter - make a class behave like another - why? For convenience and hiding details.
			MimicClass implements MimicType {
				doSomething() {}
			}
			AdaptedClass implements MimicType {
				DifferentClass;
				CONS(class) {DifferentClass = class;}
				doSomething() {
					DifferentClass.doMyThing();
				}
			}
			DifferentClass {
				doMyThing();
			}
			ClientCode {
				AdaptedClass = new AdaptedClass(AnotherClass);
				AdaptedClass.toSomething();			//but actually it does doMyThing() but interface is common one.
			}
		Bridge - Decouple an abstraction from its implementation (2 layers). Eg - remote control with TV. 
			Eg - switch and switch implementations are different classes bridged with each other. Eg - stack "interface" for different types of stacks.
			Looks a lot like strategy DP but Strategy is classes based on a single behavior - this is on all the behaviors.
			Beyond encapsulation, to insulation.
			AC extends Device {...}
			TV extends Device {
				VolumeUp() {
				
				}
				VolumeDown() {}
			}
			RemoteControl {
				Device;
				VolumeUp() {
					TV.volumeUp();
				}
				VolumeDown() {}
				ChannelChange() {}
			}
			ClientCode {
				new RemoteControl("TV")
				//RemoteControl.setDevice(TV);
				RemoteControl.VolumeUp();
			}
		Composite - treat individual objects and compositions of objects uniformly
			Eg - windows file system.
			FileType {
				display();
			}
			Folder extends FileType {
				List(FileType)
				display() {
					for(FileType f:List(FileType)) {
						f.display();
					}
				}
			}
			File extends FileType {
				display() {
					sysout(name);
				}
			}
			ClientCode {
				Folder.add(FileType);...
				Folder.display();
			}
		Decorator - Attach additional responsibilities to an object dynamically
			@Wrapping a gift, putting it in a box, and wrapping the box
			SomePizza extends Pizza {
				CONS(){}
				cost() {return 0.99;}
			}
			CheeseFlavor extends Pizza {	//or say - extends Flavors which in turn extends Pizza.
				Pizza;
				CONS(Pizza){}
				cost() {return 0.05 + Pizza.cost();}
			}
			OlivesFlavor extends Pizza {
				Pizza;
				CONS(Pizza){}
				cost() {return 0.01 + Pizza.cost();}
			}
			ClientCode {
				Pizza = new OlivesFlavor(new CheeseFlavor(new SomePizza()));
				Pizza.cost();
			}
		Facade - 1 class hiding all details of all other class carriers - like event manager hiding wedding management. Eg - Compiler.
			Heater {}
			Light {}
			MovieTheatre {
				HomeConfigurations;	//fan, light, ac, heater, etc.
				scaryMovie() {light.dim(); header.high();}
				actionMovie() {}
				...
			}
			ClientCode {
				MovieTheatre.actionMovie();
			}
		Flyweight - Use sharing to support large numbers of fine-grained objects efficiently. ?Caching.
			?Create fewer low level objects and more client responsiblity but factory. Eg - rather than a 2-D array of objects - create 1-D array of objects which handle other 1-D.
			FlyweightFactory {
				CONS() {
					flyweights = {}
				}
				getFlyWeight(key) {
					try:
						flyweight = self._flyweights[key]
					except KeyError:
						flyweight = ConcreteFlyweight()
						self._flyweights[key] = flyweight
					return flyweight
				}
			}
			ConcreteFlyweight extends Flyweight {
				def operation(self, extrinsic_state):
					pass
			}
			ClientCode {
				flyweight_factory = FlyweightFactory()
				concrete_flyweight = flyweight_factory.getFlyWeight("key")
				concrete_flyweight.operation(None)
			}
		Private classData
			Separate data from methods that use it
			Encapsulate class data initialization
			PrivateData {
				a,b,c;
			}
			Class1 {
				PrivateData;
			}
		Proxy - placeholder for the real thing.
			ProxyClass {
				ServiceIGive() {
					//rest service or make do whatever.
					return RealService.givemeService();
				}
			}
			ClientCode {
				ProxyClass.ServiceIGive();
			}
	Behavioral
		Chain of Responsibility
			iterate until you get a slot. Client doesn't worry - server does.
			processor() {
				while (!processors[j].execute(inputImages[i])) {
					j = (j + 1) % processors.length;
				}
			}
			client() {
				processor.execute();
			}
		Command - make commands list into classes and run them one by one.
			behaviors across similar classes abstracted into separate classes - how is it different from strategy - here we don't supply for 1 instance but many???
			check eg of light on off, tv on off eg.
			Action {
				invoke() {}
			}
			Command {
			}
			Command1 extends Command {
				execute(args) {
					cls = this.getClass();
					action = cls.getMethod(methodName, argTypes);
					action.invoke(receiver, args);
				}
			}
			client() {
				for (Command command : Command_list) {
					System.out.print(command.execute('Operation1') + " ");		//can be a button name on remote binded to method beforehand
				}
			}
			Better Eg - allows us to achieve complete decoupling between the sender and the receiver
				class Light {
					public void turnOn( ) {
						System.out.println("Light is on ");
					}
					public void turnOff( ) {
						System.out.println("Light is off");
					}
				}
				class Switch {
					private Command UpCommand, DownCommand;
					public Switch( Command Up, Command Down) {
						UpCommand = Up; // concrete Command registers itself with the invoker 
						DownCommand = Down;
					}
					void flipUp( ) { // invoker calls back concrete Command, which executes the Command on the receiver 
						UpCommand . execute ( ) ;                           
					}
					void flipDown( ) {
						DownCommand . execute ( );
					}
				}
				class LightOffCommand implements Command {
					private Light myLight;
					public LightOffCommand ( Light L) {
						myLight  =  L;
					}
					public void execute( ) {
						myLight . turnOff( );
					}
				}
				client() {
					Light  testLight = new Light( );
					LightOnCommand testLOC = new LightOnCommand(testLight);
					LightOffCommand testLFC = new LightOffCommand(testLight);
					Switch testSwitch = new Switch( testLOC,testLFC);       
					testSwitch.flipUp( );
					testSwitch.flipDown( );
					Fan testFan = new Fan( );
					FanOnCommand foc = new FanOnCommand(testFan);
					FanOffCommand ffc = new FanOffCommand(testFan);
					Switch ts = new Switch( foc,ffc);
					ts.flipUp( );
					ts.flipDown( ); 
				}
		Interpreter - for converting across units uses reflection from to - n^2 combinations.
			Eg - postfix, etc.
			...
		Iterator - abstract behavior across set of classes like iteration over ADTs standardized thru a set of operations.
			how is it different from facade - OOAD perspective it is abstracting class out with a few common behaviors of a set of classes.
			Take traversal-of-a-collection functionality out of the collection. Iterator implementing behavior or forcing implementation by classes that implement interface.
			IntSetIterator implements Iterator {
				hasNext() {}
				next() {}
			}
			IntSet implements IteratorSupport {
				createIterator() {
					return new IntSetIterator();
				}
			}
			IteratorClient {
				IntSet set = new IntSet();			//helps us say IteratorSupport set = new IntSet();
				Iterator it1 = set.createIterator();
				IntSetIterator it2 = set.createIterator();
				IntSet.Iterator it3 = set.createIterator();
				if(it1.hasNext()) it1.next();
			}
		Mediator - connection for I/O b/w 2 classes obj.
			Eg - producer and consumer.
			mediator {
				message;
				storeMessage(m) {}
				retrieve() {}
			}
			consumer {
				retrieveMessage() {
					mediator.retrieve();
				}
			}
			producer {
				storeMessage(m) {
					mediator.store(m);
				}
			}
			ClientCode {
				producer = new producer(mediator);
				consumer = new consumer(mediator);
				producer.storeMessage("Something");
				consumer.retrieveMessage();
			}
		Memento - restore, recall, rollback state remembered by the class.
			Memento {
				state;
			}
			Originator {
				Memento;	//to remember extra details for a class - or have a class like caretaker which remembers a list of mementos
				state;
				setState(s) {
					state = s;
				}
				save() {
					return new Memento(state);
				}
				restore(Memento) {
					state = Memento.getState();
				}
			}
			Caretaker {
				Arraylist(Memento)
				add() {}
				getMemento() {}
			}
			clientCode {
				Originator.setState("S1");
				Caretaker.add(Originator.save());
				...			//change states as many times as you like
				Originator.restore(Caretaker.getMemento())
			}
		Null - for having a default object in case of error. eg - switch case with NullObject for default.
			class NullObject {
				performAction() {sysout(not found);}
			}
			if(true) {o = new SomeObject();}
			else o = new NullObject();
			o.peformAction();
		Observer - Notify all class types.
			Eg - sensor system fails inform surveillance, lights, alarms.
			class lights {
				start() {...}
			}
			class Sensor {
				register() {//add to the arraylist;}
				danger() {
					for all members in arraylist:
						member.start();
				}
			}
			main() {
				sensor.register(surveillance);
				sensor.register(lights);
				sensor.register(alarms);
				sensor.danger();
			}
		State - System or machine holds a state and that state on a user trigger changes.
			class System {
				State;
				Trigger(t) {State.trigger(this,t);}
			}
			class State1 extends State {
				trigger(System,t1) {
					switch trigger_input {
						case ....
							System.State = State2;
							...
					}
					...
				}
			}
		Strategy - Ability to choose behavior at runtime - class out of same behavioral abstractions.
			Eg - fly for birds are different.
			class Fly1 implements Interface {
				fly() {}
			}...
			Class Server {
				Interface flyBehavior;			//countable types of behaviors
				fly() {
					flyBehavior.fly()
				}
			}
			Class Client {
				Server = new Server(new Fly1());	//or alternately, can be set thru some method also
				Server.fly();
			}
		Template Method - eg for frameworks development. let subclasses decide.
			class P {
				step1() {}
				step4() {}
				abstract step2();
				abstract step3();
				work() {
					step1();
					step2();
					step3();
					step4();
				}
			}
			class C extends P {
				step2() {}
				step4() {}
			}
			class C2...
			class Client {
				P p = new C();
				P.work();
			}
		Visitor - Same action applied on all the class types, then let objects of class types delegate call to visitor to handle all of that.
			Eg - cab industry; BYD for Command execution of all types like BYD phase 1 call delegations. I will send you a service giver just ask him for "service" and he will do the needful.
			class Visitor {
				step1();
				step2();
				perform() {step1();step2();} //can even be a facade.
			}
			class C1 extends C {
				get_the_serve(Visitor) {
					Visitor.perform();
				}
			}
			class C2 extends C {
				get_the_serve(Visitor) {
					Visitor.perform();
				}
			}
			Orchestrator {
				C1.get_the_serve(new Visitor);
			}
CS - Discussion - IOS system smartphones front end using SAP A2X to read and write the records.
CS - For effective debugging we need a tool like in VSCode for debugging - a place dedicated to managing your breakpoints - but that doesn't permit free adding of breakpoints.
	adding conditional breakpoints. Breakpoints by updates to a variable.
CS - linear regression got us lucky but often it's not a good idea - avoid using it - outlier can mess it up.
CS - framework vs platform
	Typically, "platform" refers to the actual hardware/software upon which a piece of software is built or for which it is destined. Example usage: "I built this app for the Windows platform." "Framework" refers to a collection of libraries/classes with the common goal of providing a scaffold on which to build software
	The difference between a framework and a tool is that you have to do work to fill in the blanks when it comes to a framework, whereas a tool does most of the work itself. Also, frameworks are typically built to address a narrow need whereas tools are built for broader use cases.
	Because you know what is platform. Mobile applications are accelerating both hardware and software for its application system. A web application using angular is also considered as a platform. ... So, the platform can be defined as a framework which can be used across multiple systems
CS - NodeJS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34855352/how-in-general-does-node-js-handle-10-000-concurrent-requests
	in multithreaded web servers, the dispatcher wastes no time accepting requests and creating threads (which is a little heavy) but those threads remain busy waiting for response.
	no thread creation but event based request dispatcher which spawns async and listening for event to be completed. so time of thread creation saved and whenever task complete event triggered which nodejs addresses. So doesn't need more threads but event driven programming.
	so 1 instance of nodejs process addressing the needs of all user requests running thru the program. different stack trace for every request but 1 nodejs addressing everyone.
	NodeJS has multiple threads for multiple requests - tested it in local environment -  2 calls from different consumers within same method for a while (using setTimeOut)
	Debugger doesn't hit 2 breakpoints in VSCode but thru code verified that 2 requests were simultaneously inside the server call. So NodeJS takes care of 2 threads for 2 user requests. Reason found out - the other request could enter into the queue because of async or event operation - setTimeOut, otherwise it would not have entered - tested with huge for loop and other didn't enter until first request came out. so any async operation is entry or opportunity for the other to execute operations - at a time, only 1 thread runs the code.
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31069453/creating-a-es6-promise-without-starting-to-resolve-it
CS - NodeJS
	Tested impact of static variables in javascript nodeJS application no impact detected - the method itself isn't triggered until one gets over (don't know how) - achieve that by inculcating really heavy loops for wait.
	as if saying that at a time only 1 thread will have access to your exit code not many but that we already tested isn't true. So some synchronization must be in place.
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36069882/correct-way-to-implement-a-critical-section-in-nodejs - 
		not js environment but nodejs environment will ensure at a time only javascript code is running - so not possibility of critical section here. 
		simple server creation, I could manage to have 2 requests accessing server code simultaneously - I from async calls this magic will start.
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21438207/can-node-js-code-result-in-race-conditions
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10368806/node-js-readfile-woes - race condition is possible in nodejs outside of its environment.
CS - ML invoice scanning thru coordinates learning.
CS - ML
	convoluted convergence.
	X prime = X transpose	https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2014/derivation-of-the-normal-equation-for-linear-regression/
	pinv - pseudo inverse function in octave.
	CPP and JAVA if large scale implementation.
		developer's time is precious - get learning algo to working quickly in high level languages. then implement them in CPP or JAVA.
	Get results quickly in high level language for checking that algo works.
		time saved in ensuring ideas working.
	Langs - Octave, Matlab, Python, NumPy, R.
	Octave - Open Source. Matlab - costly.
	Python, R - develop slowly in these languages slightly clunkier syntaxes than octave.
	refer transcript for commands - not watching necessary - 
CS - Why Subtitles don't match
	Movies can run at different framerates, thus different amounts of time between dialogs
	A movie may not always start from the exact same frame as a copy of the movie from a different source, leading to a desync of the subtitles and voice
	Scenes in a movie may be deleted for some markets. This will lead to subtitles made for a version from a different market desynchronized. Such censored movies are not always clearly marked as different from the original
CS - DevOps - Data Understanding - run parallel.
CS - GIT - Let O be original. someone pushed into origin/dev makeing it OR.
	fb rebase dev - F(fb) = OF + OD = ODF
	dev (D) rebase origindev (R) - F(D) = OD + OR = ORD
	dev rebase feature (F) - F(fb) = ODF + ORD = ORDF.
		if conflicts then ODFN, ORDN, ODFN + ORDN = ORDNDFN.??? D comes twice? Is that a problem. 
			Consider skipping the repeat D saying that we have already considered that change.
			But no, given change N on a file, another D can mean someething completely different.
			Eg - change line 3; change N add line 2-5 and 3 moves to 7. Now, apply D should not change should be made on line 7 which can be calculated.
	Generalizing, merges can take any shape - OAB, OBC, OCA, OAC - how to you merge OAB with OCA or OAB with OBA - from the face of it looks plain.
	Unable to resume rebase cuz b4 writing my changes it says that dev + fb - rebasing with dev makes no changes to temp branch - can't say rebase --continue cuz you don't have changes - I may not have changes but I have commit.
	git pull is git fetch but merge with your branch.
	git diff --name-status or git diff --name-only
	git rebase abort to abort the rebase and skip to stop it there.
CS - Windows Operating system - F3 or Find on a folder, peeps inside the text also - text, doc, ppt, pdf, probably not read only pdf (untested)
CS - Any function is mathematically that
	Validate input conforming to domain
	perform transformations for interim results
	thru procedure to output.
CS - Any protected attribute to be updated to use a public method?
	Create a subclass - create a setter method for the attributes and invoke the public method which delegates call to parent.
CS - Keyboard Keys - theoretical not practical - except super key eth else is mixed up.
	Meta - alt, esc - step back and think what you are doing - think one level below abstraction.
		alt press for context menu.
	Super - windows, command key - super generic class - think basal OS level abstraction - talking to windows.
		win+e, win+d, win+q.
	Hyper - Ctrl (fn not assigned) - same level abstraction - think software level operations.
		ctrl+a, ctrl+s, ctrl+x, ctrl+w.
	?Shift keys, function keys
CS - Tryst with IP Addresses tracert
	For google.com
		mine is 192.168.16.1 
		10.52.224.2 being gateway - don't know why but converts to 203.13.146.107) - cuz private
		172.31.138.226 - same mapping
		172 again
		125.21.72.209 - Bharti Broadband - valsad India.
		182.79.243.217 - Bharti Broadband
		72.14.211.198 - Google ISP - Mountain View US
		108.170.253.113 - Google ISP - Beverly Hills 
		216.58.197.46 - Google ISP - Mountain View US
	for google.in
		118.185.191.214 - Vodafone Mobile Services - Dharmapuri
		182.19.108.204 - same
		103.29.44.15 - Same
		72.14.211.134 - Google US Mountain View
		...
	for h32 (155.56.253.18) - wd-dev-H.dev.sapbydesign.com - SAP SE ISP - Germany
		10.52.224.2
		10.52.255.5
		blr04-nfw-01-vlan712.net.sap.corp [10.52.127.76]                                                                                                                                  
		172.31.138.226
		172.31.138.193
		118.185.191.214
		182.19.106.202 - Vodafone Mobile Services
		ae31-100-xcr1.mlu.cw.net [213.38.254.33] - Vodafone Limited / Blyth (UK)
		level3-gw.mlu.cw.net [195.2.14.18] - Vodafone Limited - Bristol (UK)
		ae-1-3107.edge5.Frankfurt1.Level3.net [4.69.163.18] - Level 3 Communications, US
		SAP-AG.edge5.Frankfurt1.Level3.net [62.67.56.18] - Level 3 Communications, Dusseldorf (DE)
	for acl (155.56.253.19) - wd-dev-I.dev.sapbydesign.com
		10.52.224.2
		10.52.255.9
		blr04-nfw-01-vlan712.net.sap.corp [10.52.127.76]
		172.31.138.226
		172.31.138.177
		125.21.72.209
		182.79.201.195
		sap-gw-at-DECIX1.sap-ag.de [80.81.193.129]
	QCH / QCL - 155.56.253.16 -  wd-dev-F.dev.sapbydesign.com
	Try tracert on vpn!!
	Free IP Lookup API - http://geoiplookup.net/ - 203.13.146.107 is in SAP Australia ISP - Geolocation is Bangalore till 255 - next starts sydney.
		IP assignments ain't geo centered.
		TCPDump or IPTraf, wireshark, etc
		TCP    10.52.236.155:64616    18.232.242.2:80        ESTABLISHED - amazon aws session is ON. Why - using acl, h32, backend, customer system.
			?acl and h32 run on amazon aws. cuz on session complete - the tcp vanished and on reloggin - it showed up again.
			AWS Elastic Compute Service or EC2 is IaaS(Infrastructure as a Service)
				Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) provides companies with access to servers, firewalls, virtual machines, storage, and other infrastructure.
				compared to a vm in the data center world - provision compute, networking and storage just by calling various APIs
				billed by the hour and you pay for the time your virtual machine is up and running.
			AWS Elastic BeanStalk is PaaS.
				PaaS is a cloud computing service that gives users the ability to develop, launch, and manage apps without having to deal with the infrastructure required for building apps.
				PaaS (e.g. Elastic Beanstalk) or just AWS Services. RDS(Database),DynamoDB,IoT. PaaS offering called AWS Lambda - executes your code when certain events are triggered and you need to pay only by number of invocations. There is no need to maintain virtual machines for Lambda.
				Hadoop marketed as PaaS
					Its neither, rather software that can be used to setup on an existing set of infrastructure in the Cloud or on traditional hardware.
					The concepts around Hadoop are being marketed as a type of Paas, for example AWS EMR. Other vendors have similar solutions.
			simple example of SaaS is an online email service, like Gmail. example of SaaS is Google Docs. Google Docs is a productivity suite 
				Google App Engine is a PaaS that hosts Google Apps and a multitude of other softwares-as-a-service.
				google drive - https://www.researchgate.net/post/Is_Google_Drive_SaaS_or_IaaS_and_what_is_the_storage_that_is_mentioned_in_IaaS - saas in my opinion
					Google Drive is a software (SaaS) that we can use a storage (IaaS) and network (NaaS) to store and share documents.
			Range of AWS addresses
				https://forums.aws.amazon.com/ann.jspa?annID=1528
		https://superuser.com/questions/72431/does-it-matter-if-router-is-set-to-10-0-0-1-or-to-192-168-1-1?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=google_rich_qa&utm_campaign=google_rich_qa
		10.0.0.1 is more commonly seen in business computer networks than in home networks where routers normally use addresses in the 192.168.x.x series instead, like 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.0.1. However, at-home devices might still be assigned the 10.0.0.1 IP address, and it works just like any other.
		HTTP is a TCP/IP based protocol. So when you use REST you are already using TCP for communication
		231, 38 GSA, 38 GR - SIV made from GSA => GR also consumed. SIR of GSA and GR ....
		226, 37 GSA => USSI-38; Goods return 40 posted, USSM-2 saved. 
		No CM shown after voiding.
		The Delivery shouldn't show up in there and but should show up for invoice entry for CM making cuz of GR.
CS
	https://jam4.sapjam.com/groups/r7ILMAl5MxS8rgHSaNR8L9/documents/r2JiCJ1yErtkZW1ciyVyEJ/video_viewer
	https://www.continuent.com/blog/why-does-a-mysql-mariadb-cluster-require-an-odd-number-of-nodes/
	https://cloudxlab.com/assessment/displayslide/345/nosql-cap-theorem
	https://dzone.com/articles/understanding-the-cap-theorem
	https://dzone.com/articles/better-explaining-cap-theorem
	google:quorum in cluster
	hdfs cap theorem
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28969625/how-does-hadoops-hdfs-high-availability-feature-affects-the-cap-theorem
	google:mysql cluster architecture
	https://jam4.sapjam.com/groups/r7ILMAl5MxS8rgHSaNR8L9/documents/po3TSsdvjosZcINutt2bsS/video_viewer
	https://superuser.com/questions/9083/can-a-32-bit-os-run-in-a-64-bit-processor
	https://www.guru99.com/linear-regression-tensorflow.html
	https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python/index.htm
	Lynda - LinkedIn
CS - Tomcat is a web server	
	Tomcat is a web server and a Servlet/JavaServer Pages container. 
	It is often used as an application server for strictly web-based applications but does not include the entire suite of capabilities that a Java EE application server would supply.
	Links: Apache Tomcat home page.
CS - setupvpn
	customer - vpnvpn
CS - CURD
	Create PC, Update PC (with peripherals or resources), Retrieve PC using OS, Delete PC (when done)
	Create Env (OS install), Update Env (VM, upgrades, softwares), Retrieve Env (menus, softwares, etc), Delete Env (sth to think about)
	Create/Install Software, Update software, Retrieve Software, Delete Software.
	Create App (Dev team), Update App (bugs, Jira tickets, upgrades, updates, hotfixes) , Retrieve App (support, debugging), Delete App (change in reqt)
		(same as before?) - Development ecosystem
CS - In the world of developer - he needs CRUD of every module or entity and a story of interactions between those entities in reasonable way for transactions to happen.
	This CRUD on entities is what controllers manage thru (Data Model) and controllers coming together to solve a problem thru coordination is the architecture.
	As an architect you know the product as all entities involved (CRUD) and the controllers architecture - the system that manages them.
	Eg - Change handler doesn't permit 2 entries for the same node. And also what's it in the overall picture.
CS - The 'K' in K-Means Clustering has nothing to do with the 'K' in KNN algorithm. k-Means Clustering is an unsupervised learning algorithm that is used for clustering whereas KNN is a supervised learning algorithm used for classification.
CS - what is data model and process model of Blockchain or bitcoin - explain the DFD or system design of it.
CS - UI - a banner on an entity can be a status or an action to take - label means status and button means action to take.
	button saying open means open it. Label saying open means the status is open.
CS
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19405421/what-is-a-callback-method-in-java-term-seems-to-be-used-loosely
	chromium OSS based on Py and cc.
CS
	https://dzone.com/articles/understanding-when-to-use-rabbitmq-or-apache-kafka
	https://dzone.com/articles/asynchronous-messaging-rabbitmq-introduction
	Socket programming is asynchronous at very high level but getting response for a call is what makes it synchronous.
CS - Platform vs Framework.
	Framework is skeleton to which we need to add flesh. It is abstract implementation or generic implementation already done - specific parts can be implemented later on as per needs.
	Platform is a gamut - it is as word suggests, a rich world (can be a set of frameworks and a set of libraries, configurations, etc) which enable you do your work of interests.
		from that perspective even SAP BYD is a "Platform" for business users manage their ERP end to end but that is non-technical way of putting it.
		Technical perspective, eg - EMR which is IaaS with OS, Hadoop and a set of tools installed making it ready for developers to make something interesting outta that is platform.
		The most famous Amazon Web Service (AWS) offering in Iaas is EC2 (Elastic computing 2), S3 (Simple Storage Service), and RDS (Relational Database Service). Each of these products are charged by the hour. EC2 also supports which OS you install on it.
		Eg - OS is a platform, Compiler is, Loader is, IDE is - all of them together form a platform for software development.
			There is also platform for running the software, there is a platform for web dev, platform for big data applications dev and running, etc.
		Think of Platform developments as system or frameworks development only but consumers being technical guys making them accessible to raw world who don't know a lot about CS.
			data models of platforms mean nothing to end users but end product or application does.
	In SaaS or Application level - consumer of all your efforts or iow, consumers or stakeholders of your usecase is end users who know nothing about computer science.
		architects in this level - their work directly is consumed by other people in the same team (developers) but from usecase of their product (not tasks) perspective it is still the end users who know nothing, John Snow.
		Products vs service based companies - Infy has its finnacle, even web sites making 
			but doesn't own the website - it is a service of making the website that the other company SEZONL, govt needed and Infy gave that.
			Finnacle is an exception - Infy holds right over it and sells the product to whoever wants to use it under license or it could be service.
	In PaaS, consumers of your work as usecase of product and not tasks or features, is technical guys - developers who can leverage the developments for some concrete outcomes for end users in B2B or B2C form.
CS - SE - rule of branching 3-7 - makes anything easy to grasp.
CS for Sume
	SamsungPay
		ML - Clustering, classification, regression, association rules, anomaly detection.
		OLAP - 
		Hypothesis testing
		Stakeholders - Customers, Service Providers, Samsung, etc.
		DL - Sequence Prediction, Image, Time Series, NLP (sentiment), etc.
	Near Field Communication (NFC) is a set of short-range wireless technologies, typically requiring a distance of 4cm or less to initiate a connection. NFC allows you to share small payloads of data between an NFC tag and an Android-powered device, or between two Android-powered devices.
	https://www.androidpolice.com/2020/01/10/google-pay-vs-samsung-pay-which-mobile-payment-provider-should-you-use/
	QR technology study
	?IOT for Pay.
	Comparing different online wallets in technical and functional terms.
	NFC vs RFID vs QR vs IOT vs..
		story of Nikhil paaji using NFC for home entry and some home automation.
CS - wrt online wallets
	Samsung Pay
		add cards and PayTM to samsung pay app by scanning the card and CVV and expiry date. Pin of card not application.
		thumb fingerprints for transmitting the magnetic information to the swipe machine and it works.
		uses MST technology of samsung and not NFC - easier and better.
			Magnetic secure transmission (MST) is the name for mobile payment technology in which devices such as smartphones emit a signal that mimics the magnetic stripe on a traditional payment card. MST sends a magnetic signal from the device to the payment terminal's card reader.
		pin for the application - 4 digit.
		the reader machine captured magnetic information and also asked for pin. regular except this time no swipe but transmission.
	POS pay by samsung pay.
		galaxy 5 and note series - April 2017 introduced.
		no need of internet and no wallet - ?credit card like flight payment - it is as good as card.
		OCR reading scanner. many security protocols. Virtual card number goes to the device not actual - thru some encryption.
		NFC - Near Field Communication - newer tech. Place phone near POS - if NFC enabled then transaction done.
		Scanning machines also work fine - activate your card. with mswipe it didn't work but generally it does.
	More widely acceptable form of transmission - MST. Uses tokens so your card numbers are not compromised.
	NFC terminal of POS.
	Apple and google pay use NFC already - tap on terminal. Samsung pretty much anywhere - 97%
		Apple uses apple products like ipad and watch to pay. Others on phones and watches samsung also some gear watches.
		google pay rolled out desktop version. Apple pay only on safari - google on every browser.
		no extra layer of authentication or checkout step - click and done.
		samsung pay doesn't have P2P option.
		Zelle app to transfer money. Bank based P2P.
		Apple pay is slowest. Zelle is instantaneous in 5 mins. Android is next 1 PD.
	Customer - Merchant - Processors (responsible for handling all transactions) - Acquirer Bank - Payment Processing Network - Visa - Bank
		Bank sends approval code. Bank reimburses the processor.
		EOD merchant sends batch of transactions to Processor to deposit money into their bank account.
		Banks send card holder bill EOM.
		Interchange levels for Credit Cards
		Face 2 face transaction or over phone. Type of card travel or business.
		Fees set by visa and Mastercard. Fees can change twice per year.
		Pricing Structures
			Tiered Pricing (bundled or bucket)
			Interchange plus (cost plus or pass through)
				considered better cuz true cost, transparent but can be more st.
			Price components - Interchange dues and assessments, Processor costs.
		Processors or Network - visa, martercard, amex, discover - it rules and policies that keep banks together.
			Banks register with processors - to get interests on late payments - it is like loan given to every person every month.
			Issuer bank makes the card with visa in some place, acquirer bank who gave POS to Grocery store merchant saying that it would be great for you.
			Request goes from merchant to Acquirer Bank to Processor or network provider to Issuer bank - is this card good for money.
			e1 gets a cut of things. Where does money come to all the players. End customer
				sth like 2% discount from merchant so 1.7% to issuer bank (interchange fee - set by networks); 0.1% goes to network.
				acquirer around 0.2%
			Banks A authorizes transaction with payment to visa and acquirer immediately and sends money to acquirer bank immediately. Batch transactions of merchant reimbursed later.
			visa money from this network - so more it grows. Issuer by encouraging ppl to use credit cards. Acquirer from distributing as many POS as possible.
			paying on time for credit card score.
		https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Payment_processor
		Ain't credit cards great - rewards, pay later and reasonable interest rates - aaah, kidding about the last one.
		processors mine huge amount of data from their holders. know about spending habits - detect fraud. where you swipe from - live, work or frequently visit.
			how much and how frequently you spend. Habits - really likes burritos.
			Payment processing system marks that as fraud.
			but outside holiday works just fine. Looks for patterns more than obvious to humans.
				thieves first make a small amount purchase b4 grand theft. for eg.
				gum followed by kitchen raises eyebrows at Amex.
				using VPN for transaction or IP addresses for recent blacklist.
				Also give them a ring b4 heading for big trip so that they won't flag it.
			if huge money - bank is obligated to give you if respond quickly enough.
			keeping an eye on statements is important.
		Security - your card number is enough for who you are and where do you get money from.
			don't want 7 to steal your number and buy truckloads of chocolate flavored jerky with it.
			static numbers in the tape to uniquely id you that others don't know so swipe machine reads hidden numbers and visible number hiding is saved.
				can copy that to another card and pretend to be you - just steal numbers thru some phishing.
				if openly readable key to lock to million dollars in bank - just copy the key is needed.
			chip cards or EMV cards. chips works when put in POS terminal machine.
				cryptogram (Unique Access Code) generated using numbers generated from terminal and its own data. To terminal the number looks completely random. Your full numbers never revealed.
				number is everytime you use your card cuz uses the terminal generated number also.
				banks sees the number and can tell if your chip generated it or st the terminal itself.
				numbers are easy to generate if you have the right information and impossible to fake if you don't have right numbers.
				3 variants - Contactless, Mobile, Contact. All higher security like bank vault.
			Steps
				Issuer writes on card - C-(D), I-(SC+), A-(I+) - informed to terminal.
				Terminal - applies A+(A-(I+)) with I+ as otherwise known thru A+(A-(I+)) to ensure that card information is sent from issuer bank only and no1 else.
					Applies I+(I-(SC+)) to get SC+ and then applies SC+ on C-(D) to get SD in the process we are sure that Issuer sent information and Card sent information.
					C- stays hidden but ensured that the message is sent from none other than the card from the specific issuer bank.
						so card can't be faked; only the card with this primary key will work - what if I copy primary key from the card - that's not possible.
	BHIM UPI - Mobile Number for registration with google pay and authentication.
		Choose Bank Account - Mobile Number registration authentication with bank - if true, then give atm number and expiry to get UPI assigned to you by bank against this application.
		UPI ID (also called Virtual Payment Address or VPA) is a unique ID you need to create in order to send and accept money via UPI . Once a UPI address is created and mapped against your existing bank account, you can simply share your UPI address
		IMPS (Immediate Payments Service) is also an initiative of NCPI. UPI is the advanced version of IMPS.
		https://www.profitbooks.net/upi-unified-payment-interface/
	Analytics on Samsung Pay
		Informations
			Credit Card - Bank, Network Provider, confidential info, magnetic details (top secret)
			User details (registration time) - mob, name, etc. Maybe interests for later recommendations (lots of people (similar to you) did purchase at that event - where were you)
			mobile related details - GPS, SMS, etc.
			Transaction Details - POS, Time, amount.
		OLAP - buying behavior of app acorss cities, areas (if POS terminal be our motto).
			cards vs amounts - feedback to banks for schemes (which they already do)
			User places (loc or POS loc) vs bank of choice - wrt to samsung pay.
			service provider of choice by banks and cities. Our important bank partners wrt to places.
		Hypothesis Testing - Has a person changed his city (normal distribution on GPS); outliers and heart of all your purchases where you should take your home.
			outlier detection on amounts, time, etc. Fraud detection thru patterns in buying and others.
			which months customer defaulted to pay credit card bills - warning them when normal mean is exceeded.
		DL - recommendation to approach POS next one (using smartphone calendar, recurring pattern or prediction).
			Predict next POS in sterak of purchases you made for recommendations - also predict amount you are expected to spend (warning if balance is too low or don't recommend).
			Predicting something with too few features is very error proned cuz of bias of few features enough to determine the behavior.
		Classification - Transaction experiences - Star rating and/or NLP for sentiment analysis (even community can be built for places like google maps) wrt place, card, time, amount, etc.
		Clustering - User market segmentation based on origin, age, etc.
			People with similar buying behavior (maybe owing to card they hold), POS groups, Area buyers (from gps); Area simlar buyers (their feedbacks very similar so appealing when expected).
		Regression - Predict next months - Area specific POS thru samsung pay (considering which social factors affect buying) like weather, etc.
		AR - on credit cards - people who hold coral card also tend to hold visa card or amex card. Suggest them on credit cards with good offers.
		Fraud Detection - blacklist a transaction.
CS - Association Rules (AR) is simply about co-existence of categorical variable / attribute values in a table that's all.
	when x then y in a table row - what's support, what's confidence, what's lift, etc. Do this for all possible x and y in those columns.
CS - low level programming in graphics, little high level programming graphics for drawing curves; very high using unity (not really).
	Unity is cross platform compatible - something like Java intermediate conversion.
	Android is extension of Linux so isn't strictly an OS but still after an extension it remains OS in its own right.
CS - types of software architectures
CS - right outer join without ON cause - use cross join and filter it OR Union OR whatever like nested query.
CS - Team Foundation Server (TFS) to GIT (slang for stupid person - I am egomaniac so after myself he said)
	Used in SAP also b4 full migration - like SEZONL.
CS
	From CPP perspective class is a structure with all the pointers and function pointers.
	From JS perspective, class is a function.
CS - Million records to fetch - use pagination. Architectural stuff.
CS - Automating the process of URL insertion to communication arrangement for subaccount of Leonardo API SaaS on SCP.
	Idea - when the service is created as SaaS by Leonardo team they have reference to the VM and create URL or maybe that's done by platform but they know it. So, they can take responsibility of informing their consumers to avail the service of URL thru REST API.
		Request to SCP to create a VM for service of Leonardo API - although it's BYD Account and customer subaccounts so multiple URLs maybe just to differentiate but VM is only 1.
		SCP gives you the URL for authentication and service - for every subaccount or customer - unique URL.
		Fire URL with pdf details to SCP and VM is decided by SCP and request payload is tailored or customized accordingly when VM is located.
		So, it is possible that makers of service or SaaS developers know nothing about VM, URL, etc details.
	Idea - use web scraping thru selenium or something and read URL and insert the details into communication arrangement of every system.
CS - Attack - every information is potential betterment to zeroing down to fewer candidates for the actuals.
	Eg - Browser fingerprinting - if city is BLR your zeroing down is reduced by a big margin in world population.
	if on 26th monday, we are talking January of the year. So on.
CS - Think of battery on off based on charge - done programmatically.
	Get battery status by command - WMIC PATH Win32_Battery Get EstimatedChargeRemaining
	https://www.laptopmag.com/articles/generate-battery-report-windows-10
	powercfg /batteryreport; upower, acpi, etc.	https://askubuntu.com/questions/218148/stop-start-battery-charging-through-software
CS - Critical Section for swipe machines - both side simultaneous. Both didn't pass and both were blocked for 2 mins.
	Lift uses electronics also.
CS - We don't support item node call on this method
	even if we don't - we have to return legitimate response as part of promise of this method - we are accomodating item node anyway, even if we weren't, we should nevertheless return something as per contract.
CS - Data Security - Hack
	Channel
		direct access to resource thru uri.
		get user password (over shoulder or stealing)
		Network security - like sniff the credentials over the channel and replay.
		reach the system - sql injection authentication.
		direct access to resource bypassing sequence to access it.
		authorization - some hack to get more authorizations. back end level thru some help - debugging level hack.
		social engg.
	bypass channel
		physical access to system and some software to bypass OS checks.
		ssh into system but password OS level.
		file priviliges.
	Inside attack - have some internal change that will strongly favor us.
CS - UXD - Start Synchronization vs Sync Master data - Sync is not formal usage. Synchronization on, word attribute is technical for the end user.
	order of buttons is important. Last synchronized on vs last sync date time - should be fun reading
	right tooltips - right documentation.
CS - Debugging with trace in current abstract framework is difficult, the solution is simple - we just need to add code to check the status of buffer.
	but then we can check that only in our dev system and not in the customer system.
CS - A package is a collection of Python modules: while a module is a single Python file, a package is a directory of Python modules containing an additional __init__.py file, to distinguish a package from a directory that just happens to contain a bunch of Python scripts.
CS - Implementation Points in Exit Class.
CS - what works and what doesn't try out different PnC to make it work or zero down to the issue.
CS - Idea - app to do ML - for hyper params in fields - besides looping on possible values. Good for experimenting quickly.
	Big data on doctor's consultations to transparent review of them - how good they are - how honest they are.
CS - Complaining to user -> error message. Complaining against developer's call signature - exception - These are types of exceptions - I refuse to respond to this - it is a bad call.
	all controllers' logic is gonna be very domain specific DAG but error is user friendly (understandable). So tracing back can give you something. Understanding new data model terms is not desirable.
CS - Google: Code that can change itself or write into a file within the scope of the jre classpath.
	write a code to print itself - meta programming.
CS - https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/134679/how-does-an-attacker-get-access-to-hashed-passwords
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/408820/what-is-the-difference-between-swing-and-awt
CS - Private class creating jar - new class files are created and they need to be included in the jar creation.
CS - Installation typically involves code (program) being copied/generated from the installation files to new files on the local computer for easier access by the operating system, creating necessary directories, registering environment variables, providing separate program for un-installation etc.
	What basically happens is programmer compiles source code, generates binaries and creates installers(exe/msi). When user executes exe/msi and clicks ok multiple times without reading, installer moves binaries to either "Program files" folder in C drive or someplace else (Like "AppData" folder). Other data files are also moved to location the programmer has decided. Next step is to modify registry and populate it with program configuration. Installer then creates shortcut to binary executable on your desktop and/or in start menu, so you can quickly launch.
CS - Documentation
	You hear or read Getting started or hello world to get a feel for it.
	Next you read article, book or explore scope possibilities and try out, if you face any problem, you refer to documentation.
		documentation is very exhaustive is not meant to be read like a book but the section that interests you or that demands attention needs to be skimmed.
CS - HTML and JS are interpreted by your browser runtime and hence the changes are reflected immediately on browser refresh. Servlets and server side code usually require compilation and hence requires a server restart. A server restart forces the reload of changed classes
	When your Catalina server launches the application it will load the entire app into the JVM executing the entire server. It does not track file modifications on the disk.
	When you run a program, its content is loaded into RAM and run. If you update the program, the version on disk is updated, however the old version remains in RAM. You have to close the old version of the server program and run the new one.
CS - Bug - A problem which impairs or prevents the functions of the product.
CS - https://github.com/Microsoft/WSL/issues/14
CS - Cloud Lifecycle Management is a cloud management platform that accelerates innovation through automated provisioning, governance, and management of secure cloud services. It gives users self-service access to click and deploy simple VMs or full application stacks across multiple cloud environments.
	Code migration across systems is also a part of it - Jenkins does that? I don't know.
CS - programming around git faculties to be able to do more than that.
CS - NPM Commands
	# GET VERSION
	npm -v (or --version)

	# GET HELP
	npm help
	npm

	# CREATE PACKAGE.JSON
	npm init
	npm init -y (or --yes)

	# SET DEFAULTS
	npm config set init-author-name "YOUR NAME"
	npm set init-license "MIT"

	# GET DEFAULTS
	npm config get init-author-name
	npm get init-license

	# REMOVE DEFAULTS
	npm config delete init-author-name
	npm delete init-license

	# INSTALLING LOCAL PACKAGES
	npm install lodash --save (or npm install --save lodash)
	npm install moment --save
	npm install gulp gulp-sass --save-dev

	# MOVE TO ANOTHER FOLDER
	npm install
	npm install --production

	# REMOVING MODULES
	npm uninstall gulp-sass --save-dev
	npm remove gulp --save-dev

	#INSTALL CERTAIN VERSIONS
	npm install lodash@4.17.3 --save

	# UPDATE
	npm update lodash --save

	# INSTALL GLOBAL MODULE
	npm install -g nodemon
	npm install -g live-server

	# RUN NODEMON
	nodemon

	# FIND ROOT FOLDER
	npm root -g

	# REMOVE GLOBAL PACKAGES
	npm remove -g nodemon

	# LISTING PACKAGES
	npm list
	npm list --depth 0
	npm list --depth 1

	# INSTALL LIVE-SERVER LOCALLY
	npm install live-server --save-dev

	# NPM SCRIPT
	"scripts": {
		"start": "node index.js",
		"dev": "live-server"
	  },
CS - Update vs Upgrade
	An upgrade is the act of replacing your product with a newer, and often more superior, version or similar product. Therefore, an update modifies your current product while an upgrade totally replaces it. When it comes to the frequency, upgrades happen a lot less often compared to updates.
CS - term handle is used to mean any technique that lets you get to another object  a generalized pseudo-pointer. The term is (intentionally) ambiguous and vague. Ambiguity is actually an asset in certain cases.
CS - Running npm install apart from the first time installs only the missing packages and those that need update.
	{
	  "name":          "my-project",
	  "version":       "1.0",                             // install   update
	  "dependencies":  {                                  // ------------------
		"already-installed-versionless-module":  "*",     // ignores   "1.0" -> "1.1"
		"already-installed-semver-module":       "^1.4.3" // ignores   "1.4.3" -> "1.5.2"
		"already-installed-versioned-module":    "3.4.1"  // ignores   ignores
		"not-yet-installed-versionless-module":  "*",     // installs  installs
		"not-yet-installed-semver-module":       "^4.2.1" // installs  installs
		"not-yet-installed-versioned-module":    "2.7.8"  // installs  installs
	  }
	}
	npm install will install/update devDependencies unless --production flag is added
	npm update will ignore devDependencies unless --dev flag is added
	https://medium.com/better-programming/npm-ci-vs-npm-install-which-should-you-use-in-your-node-js-projects-51e07cb71e26
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52499617/what-is-the-difference-between-npm-install-and-npm-ci
	npm ci bypasses a packages package.json to install modules from a packages lockfile. This ensures reproducible buildsyou are getting exactly what you expect on every install.
	Previously, developers who wanted to ensure that node_modules/ and package.json stayed in sync would have to archive their node_modules folder. npm ci replaces this process with a single command.
	https://blog.npmjs.org/post/171556855892/introducing-npm-ci-for-faster-more-reliable
	https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/ci.html
	"@sap/x4": "2.0.1-20200304214030",
	?npm ci based on premise that package.json and package-lock.json are in sync which they will be if pushed after proper install.	
CS - BYD - there are actions but there are no undo actions - so the system is not very flexible - but that's how business should be - it's a not toy to rotate in all directions.
CS - Also IQ - Applies to all AppDevp, Systems softwares, Data Science, etc.
	Develop - Think Consulting, Architectural Design, Coding.
		Data organization or Data Modeling at persistence and at runtime.
		Data Handling or management for an org or app - business mgmt proposals.
			Problem solving from all the data available at runtime.
				Premise Makers - Platforms, Frameworks and Libs.
					Developers - of these.
				Product Funtionality Development Work
					Consumers of Premise- users of standard libs and frameworks for functionality and performance benefits 
						by Develelopers - like functionality libs like OAuth2.0, math libs, xml exchanges, web services, etc; redis, memcached, apache solr, ML libs, Hadoop exits, etc.
						by Consultants who would leverage libraries for business decisions - data driven business decisions.
					Funtionality Work - Security (Authentication, authorization, etc), Business Configuration, Foundation and Reuse, Application Areas, etc.
					Smart Work - Using ADT, DSA, AI for it. Ideation, Innovation for something novel, interesting for user or better for developers also.
						Fork for people - who open source some small apps or libs of such functionality for public use (non profitable) - eg online face detector, pdf converter, etc.
					Scale Work (organized apps) - Designing the solution using Architectures, DP, etc. 
						encompasses - Deployment Units, Configuration Files, property files set up (model driven development), MVC, extensibility support, interoperability support, etc).
				Extension work - chrome extensions, etc.
					also Consulting, Business Users, etc.
		Data presentation - graphics, front end techs, frameworks like UI5, etc, libs, UI configurable frameworks like UIDesigner, etc.
	Others - Testing, Deployment (can be product, command driven (in turn dependent on implementations by premise makers), etc), Documentation, Maintenance Support, etc.
		all of them have premise makers, PFDW, Management and work distribution, etc.
CS - Shell scripting - create challenges for yourself like copy all js files under the folder in different cascade levels - in corresponding target folder respecting the cascade levels. You understand I am thinking quickest build of npm - can compare timestamp of js and ts to decide which ts to tsc again.
CS - that friend was special. As a college project, he had developed 2-D anti-missile machine - faster car tracks the position and find trajectory to hit it to dismantle.
CS - IOT Stack - ?but does this really qualify as layered concept. Don't think so better view is evolving levelled approach on IOT - Level1, level2, so on.
	Data Collection or Sensory Layer - Sensor Inputs to Microcontrollers or Microprocessors
	Processing and Control Action Layer - Microcontrollers and Microprocessors here.
		??Actuate immediately
		?Hardware Interface Layer - Handshake happens here.
	Hardware (?local node, or cloud, fog)
		?Session and Message Layer - MQTT, CoAP, HTTP, FTP, SFTP, SSH.
	??Cloud - Analytics here - hadoop, outlier/ anomaly detection, visualizations or other data analytics.
	Action/ Inform - User Experience and Visualization Layer - Tech OO, Procedural, DBMS, SQL, Analytical Tools.
	Application Layer - Smart home, city, parking, retail, agriculture.
CS - ML Organized
	Statistical test which one to use
		data, samples, purpose of our analysis.
		nominal
	Q1 - Categorical or Quantitative (01), Q2 - No of samples 1, 2, 2+, 3, Q3 - compare data or seek relationship (01)
		000 - 1 sample proportion.
		020 - 2 sample proportions.
		02p0 - 2 sample proportions
		030 - Chi test.
		110 - 1 sample t.
		120 - 2 sample t.
		12p0 - 2 sample t, parted t.
		130 - 1 way anova.
		121 - Correlation or regression.
CS - There is stats - descriptive and inferential. Lots of "ML Packages" comes under advanced statistics even model training.
	So, those ML packages are actually advanced stats packages - application of computation over advanced stats to make stats more accessible to the world for their analytics. These packages can be leveraged to get better at tasks - this is the ML under AI. All others are not. Data Analytics more often is not ML - it is probability, stats and advanced stats (clustering, classification, regression, etc). On another retrospect, it is because machine (algorithm) learnt thru examples and got better at predictions. So, that means packages made for advanced statistics already have seed for ML - before computational implementations of those adv stats, those techniques were human learnings (thru a set of steps) but after implementation, we can make machine also learn like we did b4. It is offline learning - can't say Machine (system, platform, app) has learnt but algo has learnt for sure.
	Our specialization at college was DS or analytics (for which i have some bias, sure) and not AI - Is GIS AI or analytics or what - making those libraries which would give you details of location is all data and algos on top of those data are also well known. But you don't see analytics anywhere till now but a humungous data and need to manage that - so it is kept under DS umbrella cuz data centred thinking but strictly speaking it is library creation based on data on something like English dictionary API.
	What about data visualization - strictly speaking is it AI or ML - machine has learnt that it is dog and is getting better at it after experiences. All those algos in analytics can be called got better after experience E in task t of telling what class it was - cuz earlier your ability to tell the class of random or maybe rudimentary probability. Here it is was not machine that got better but us so it is human learning and not machine learning. No, think about the running algo can better predict so the algo has become better at task t so it is machine learning. Yes, ok but this is like ML in its raw stages - the online learning by machine is somewhat superior sense of ML. instead of learning 1 by 1 from experiences it has bulk of data and learnt from every instance in 1 go thru application of advanced statistics - we dictated what to learn though.
CS - working of BB instant or bikes as a service (bounce, vogo etc)
	you scan a qr code which is a web service - sends your mobile number and details to the server and tells that you are connected to a machine (that you could scan - or by dint of location and scan b4) - you trigger a purchase and that message goes to server telling that your money should be deducted from wallet or linked paytm (which is another web service) and the device should be sent a signal of unlock from the server and the device can now be used for your purposes.
	zoom car should also be along similar lines.
CS - as a service world - can use alias online prefix for it.
	cabs ride as a service - can also call online cab ride. Or online Cabs or car as a service - zoom, etc. Car driver as a service then DriveU.
	Bike ride as a service then rapido, bikes as a service then bounce, vogo. Driver as a service then DriveU.
	Food delivery as a service like zomato, siggy, uber eats, etc.
CS - code migration (across systems, across platforms), data migration (across DBs of same schema or different schema or data model representation)
	TESTPOMIG_1
CS - The graphics card is the hardware as a whole, while the GPU is a chip, part of the graphics card or an onboard similar, which stands for "Graphics Processing Unit".
	all computers have a GPU. However, not all computers have a dedicated GPU. ... An integrated GPU is a graphics chipset built into the motherboard. A dedicated GPU is a second GPU that's installed on the motherboard.
	A CPU is sometimes called the brains of a computer while a GPU acts as a specialized microprocessor. A CPU is good at handling multiple tasks but a GPU can handle a few specific tasks very fast.
	1st within 7500 km or 6 months - 16K Km for 12 months.
	RC - 24*7 RSA kit - coverage - all across India.
	The CPU (central processing unit) has been called the brains of a PC. The GPU (graphics processing unit) its soul.
	https://computer.howstuffworks.com/graphics-card1.htm
	https://www.howtogeek.com/414201/how-to-check-what-graphics-card-gpu-is-in-your-pc/
	https://www.computerhope.com/jargon/r/rom.htm
	Cores - 
		Think of a processor as a car engine.
		Now look at cores as the pistons.
		You see, you can have 1 piston and work that way, but it makes sense to have 2 for more power. Then you add another 2. Then more, then more.
		After a certain amount of pistons, you quickly get diminishing returns in performance, price and reliability
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19086106/how-to-utilize-all-cores-with-python-multiprocessing
	https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-advantages-of-multi-core-processors
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19086106/how-to-utilize-all-cores-with-python-multiprocessing
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31344582/python-multiprocessing-cpu-count-returns-1-on-4-core-nvidia-jetson-tk1
	https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/running-python-script-on-gpu/ - CUDA library.
	https://towardsdatascience.com/python-performance-and-gpus-1be860ffd58d
CS - Image X Description = 00,01,10,11 - DIP, Computer Vision, Computer Graphics, AI.
CS - exception means runtime error on tech side or at expectations across modules side.
	exception from exit, should mostly be forwarded but if handle-able or null design pattern then it's fine.
	if not done at exit or wrongly done, immediately while writing to the model data it should raise exception (not error) that you are not writing it properly.
	if faulty behavior encountered by controller and not model that something should have been done by exit differently or xrep is different or whatever, then resort to null pattern with exception taken forward or try to handle it with still exception of warning level raised that the output is not expected one. OR can also send a complaint call to exit before raising exception - this is equivalent to ensuring the exit layer knows that there has been something wrong and not log reading dependent or other layer knows about exit behavioral problem.
CS - Engine, Framework, Platform
	when you model the specifications for the run then you are using engine. SQL query is parsed and input to "Execution Engine" which supports such modelling or specification at 4GL. Platform is very rich term - it is not just a tool which supports you to specify "what" but is an ecosystem of many tools with specifications for "what". Framework is specifications of "how" in the spaces across the framework.
CS - branching works as specialization by industry needs (DM PM of toolkit is different for all of them), further classification by tools, PL, domains, etc.
	when recruiting the pivoting in specific class or the cluster that you belong to prevails or has highest probability of being liked but you can always navigate with the distance to navigate being a barrier (in general and not specific). You are great App Devp in DOTNET isn't trivial move to JAVA or PHP, etc. Further into DS or Systems.
	but from very abstract perspective gotta learn DMPM of skillset and basics are same across all the specialization areas (more or less) - programming, SDLC, frameworks, etc.
CS - NoSQL
	DataOps.
	Behavioral data - not just what happened but capturing how it happened - steps that lead to it like click tracking, eyeball tracking, location, user activity.
	Web scale data - behavioral data at scale.
		maps, search data, social data, pics and vids.
		Google 20PB/day it deals with.
		RDBMS can't handle. in between files and Relations.
	behavioral or event is almost always put in nosql.
	store semi-structured data for files without schema. Shape => nosql type like document.
	optimized by system type not indexing - not relations.
	proprietary storage system - hadoop spark use NTFS or data lakes supported on distributed space.
	schema on read not write.
	doesn't use star schema. Not costly like DWH vendors.
	CAP Theorem - 
	C - consistency - transactions like banking.
	A - availability - copy available - cost to this.
	P - partitions - fast scalability to serve more data.
	CA - Transaction isolation and repeatability - RDB - 99.999% uptime. Clustered servers. Not easily partitioned (scalable). Not easy to partition.
	AP - Fast global scalability, Mobile gaming like app; Clustered servers and 99.999% uptime.
		Not transactionally scalable.
	Google - exception - Google Cloud Spanner but very expensive.
		Created true time.
	C slows DB down so mostly NoSQL is AP.
	Redis in memory KV - very fast dictionary - hot - fast lookups so caching. Like hashtable with lots of data.
	They are in conflict. Can't have 3 together.
	Event data in columnstore like cassandra. Irregular table. Fast aggregation and stable.
		record oriented vs column families.
		cassandra at FB. BigTable at Google - eventstore on top of that. Bigquery for aggregation.
		looks relational but columnstore so json format output. Under the hood it's all columnstore.
CS - website is defined by its content, while a web application is defined by its interaction with the user
	A web site, on the other hand, is a collection of documents that are accessed via the internet through a web browser. 
	Web sites can also contain web applications, which allow visitors to complete online tasks such as: Search, View, Buy, Checkout, and Pay
	website is defined by its content, while a web application is defined by its interaction with the user
	Practically, most websites with quickly changing content will also rely on a sophisticated programmatic (and/or database) backend, but at least in principle they're only defined by their output
	The web application on the other hand is essentially a program that runs remotely, and it depends fundamentally on a processing and a data storage backend.
	Websites are primarily informational. 
	Web applications primarily allow the user to perform actions. 
	They are not entirely exclusive
	If it's a line-of-business solution, then it's an app. If it's consumer oriented - they call it a site. Although technology-wise, it's more or less the same.
CS - DS
	Descriptive, Exploratory or inferential, Predictive and Prescriptive are different stages of analysis.
		stats, understood the data (patterns in there), future predictions based on your theory or model.
		all ML carried out on data is exploratory while we build model.
		clustering - how similar the data objects are (considering the attributes of interest)
		classification - how similarly the outcome attribute is affected by attributes of interest
			different from cluster that it may involve interpretations, manipulation of scales of data to infer how 1 variable is affected - not data object in its entirety.
		regression - same as classification but on numeric variable.
		association rules - given many sets, find the intersection with max probability (not all sets share the intersection)
CS - Twilio - Communication APIs for SMS, Voice, Video and - for whatsapp and all.
	eg - byd on whatsapp, makemytrip itinerary of your trip on whatsapp.
CS - Exploration or IQGrats - MongoDB has 17 Lakhs lines of code. Checked in their git. of course, these are ccp files and include comment lines which are many.
CS IDEA - Hackathon
	Ideas scope (of themes and areas) - anywhere we can help in the chain of how things go wrong.
		Thermal non contact scanning - surveillance
		Large area sanitization and sterilization
		Law enforcement for prevention and precaution
			Solutions for contact-less life
		Droplets capture/ absorb. Personal Protective equipment
		Ventilators
		Economic slowdown.
	Powers Possibilities
		IOT - sensors and actuators
			Find all sensors and actuators and data at our disposal - what all readings do we have.
		Collaborations over apps - protocols for management.
			Find any information with anyone worth sharing (eg - shopkeeper can share his shop is empty)
		Analytics - insights from data - standardized/ automated churning info out there.
			Find out all data sources at our disposals and what we can do with them (initial thoughts)
		AI - 
			DIP - scan to find number of people at shop. DSP - Audio - listen to everything - audio to words. NLP - convert words to interpretation. GIS - intimate all nearby people about a case.
		DevOps - Systems integrations and automation on web or anything.
	Quick Ideas - sensors at shops - to guide all apps holders to be suggested nearest most empty shop.
		someone sneezes at any home we intimate all nearby (GIS) apps holder about wary (unethical).
CS - freeconferencecall
	Join meeting
		meeting hosted by a user - meeting id and dial in number and access code.
		Call 
			members
				video - share
				audio - mute or not.
					VOIP Dialer
				see participants
				chats
				Others - information, preferences - general, audio, video.
	Host Meeting
		your own meeting id, dia-in number, access code - invite and host.
	Settings
		Profile
		Meeting Setting
		Preferences
		Rate, Report problem, about.
CS - Javascript
CS - teams showing all the meeting members in LRU speakers in sequence. Also MFU.
	UI automate by cucumber and BOUM2 for testing integration - many business logic classes.
CS - Slack - is a proprietary instant messaging platform developed by Slack Technologies
	Workplaces - Enterprises - SAP.
		Workspaces - SAP Business BYDesign (https://app.slack.com/client/TG4KUAQ2J/CG32RBMNY)
			Threads - Threads from channels that I am involved in.
			Channels - Communications among members over topics.
				can highlight, pin, share files.
				for message - reaction, thread spawn, share, star, Copy link, mark unread, reminder pin.
			Org Channels - #SAP-labs-india, #sap-announcements, search and add like corona innovation.
			Direct Messages - add anyone from org.
				call, Details (shared files, apps), @ (my mentions or responses for me), Files, user groups, etc.
			Invite People
			Apps - Google Drive, Giphy, Twitter, etc.
	NLP deployment on slack - care an app in a workspace. Install your app to the workspace. Type of app is bot with settings. Install OAuth Tokens generated which you need to plug into your app. Event subscription to a request url from NLP Project.
		basically slack becomes consumer of your rasa deployment on a server - whose url to give to them and trigger events are specified - it sends info like command line behaves for rasa deployment and response is displayed back by slack. Here the app was extension to slack so slack became consumer.
		In some cases like FB app, we get OAuth token but we are consumers of FB service.
CS - Sharepoint
	Group - Name, Page details.
		Section - publish, republish, etc.
			Web Part (move, duplicate, delete) - File Viewer, News, Link, Activity Comments.
		New page, News post, plan, App, Page, Document Library.
		Home, Conversations (Outlook), Teams, Shared with us, Documents (Folder hierarchy), Notebook, Page (aspx welcome page etc), SIRIUS (home), MS Planner, Site Contents, Recycle Bin.
CS - MS Planner - Whiteboard - 
	plan - private group (Fun) - group added to outlook private groups (fun568@groups.sap.com)
		members.
		Board 
			Buckets - 
				tasks - name, due date, assignment. (You get outlook calendar reminder at due date time.)
					Progress status, priority, add item, attachments, comments.
		Charts - Status, Bucket, Priority, Members.
		Schedule - Calendar view of tasks. Add tasks.
		Conversations, files, sites.
CS - MS Stream (Navigated from MS Teams)
CS - Band width less consumption if we mute the audio and don't turn camera on.
CS - there should be simulate mode for transactions (beside ability to undo) - that will tell us or allow us to live in alternate universe of what would happen if that change was made and then you can undo that or get out of simulation mode.
CS - Microsoft Teams DMPM - communicator like skype with contents persistence and integration. More stable in weak internet settings.
	Activity or Notifications
	Installed Apps
		Chat - Interacted Persons (All saved contacts, more filters), Volatile Groups.
			Chat History - select - last change, heading, last message preview, icon.
			Chat Session - Chat, Files, Organizational view, Activity, Meeting Notes, Whiteboard (open in app)
			Action - Context menu right click - Mark unread, Pin, mute, add contacts, hide, notify when available. In chat session - call, video call, share, chat icons, share screens, add invite.
		Teams - Groups
			hierarchical - Team list, CRUD members, CRUD channels.
		Calendar - New Meeting, Calendar from outlook. Outlook having teams link.
		Calls
		Files - exhaustive shares across chats and teams.
	Uninstalled Apps - OneNote, Planner, Stream, Wiki, Help.
		Stream - my watchlist.
CS - Skype (on web also)
	Persons, Groups, Tentative groups by outlook link.
	Skype Session - chat and share screen, files, etc. Manage Recordings, send invite.
	online meeting for Skype for Business, the professional meetings and communications app formerly known as Lync.
	Can't have e1 share their screen or share their camera. With teams it should be possible - zoom also.
CS - Teamviewer DMPM, etc.
CS - Citrix or VDI access to another remote powerful machine (n users).
	save in onedrive, software installation persistence across sessions.
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24290358/remove-a-folder-from-git-tracking
CS - Windows OS (Presentation Layer or View)
	Desktop View
	windows icon
		Settings or control panel
		power
		Folder Shortcuts - Windows exit files - pictures, docs, videos, etc.
		My PC or shortcuts
		Apps
	search
	taskbar - active jobs (underlying processes)
	Notification area - toolbar
	window[s]
		Title bar
		Menu bar
		tool bar
		tabs bar
		body
		notification bar
CS - Scrum for JIRA
CS - Session on paper writing, patents and innovation
	Innovation defines us at SAP
		algorithm making; pattern recognition of user's usage.
		papers for international conferences or patent.
	Tracks
		Integration and openness
		platforms infrastructure
		experience and design
		Intelligent techs
		data mgmt and analytics
		security engg
	Change is constant and inevitation - good times and recession but response and growth is optional. Change leads to change in business environment.
	Economy, social, cultural, potical, legal envt - innovation - 
		review -> requirement research
		development
		production
		marketing
		user -> review
	Industrial revolutions
		1st 18th century - mechanics - steam power.
		2nd - 19th - electricity
		3rd - computers and automation partial.
		4th - IOT, production automation, etc.
		see the pattern - always increase productivity, quality of product, time shrinking to do things.
		pastPresent box like gate and future box.
			input data parameters and algo
			into the system
			get results
		Future - AI
			Data parameters and Results as input.
			new system
			algorithm should come out.
		AI is tool like maths - helps in decision making - being good in domain - clouds, virtualization, networking, db, etc.
			but not a single critical AI tool.
	Innovation steps
		at top layer our brain innovates -> other layers helps to reach there.
		aware:showing interest about an area.
		understand: reading, listening and assimilate the concepts of interested area 
			read papers, journals - past, present, future - review papers, attend conferences.
		apply: below learning of an area to understand in depth.
		Innovation stages starts.
		Analyse the pros and cons of each concept of idea implemented / studied below to develop a logical thinking.
			praised Newton, etc but never questioned them. Is there a limitation - a new requirement comes, will it still work.
			finding a drawbacks and from there comes a new idea.
			Tune your brain in that direction.
		Keep a watch -> which challenge triggered the brain of an inventor for a new idea
		Innovate - New ideas
	After reaching the innovative steps : how to create new solutions for multiple problems?
		there is no one recipe to find a problem and solution.
		understanding end customer needs - design thinking approach one of the way.
		understanding the gaps - current state to where it can go next or different level -> optimization of performance.
		challenging the assumption : chained elephant -> stand alone systems (new positive change to shift to cloud and edge)
		combine inter-disciplines: cloud -> platform -> AI.
		eliminate steps or processes -> yet achieve the same goal.
		examine patents/ paper -> see that your new idea improves the performance.
		adapt a solution / product to a new use case -> glue from 3M for sticky note.
		collaborate -> within the company and outside (academia, start up, govt labs and industry)
	How to write a good tech paper or patent from innovation
		paper tougher than patent - no help by lawyer.
		we read and think in an area for days and months, hence while writing we forget to explain properly - all in head - feeling that reviewer will understand. Very dangerous. Read very slow for mistakes.
		difficult to catch own mistakes and wrong flow -> once you write, while reviewing memory in brian super impose thoughts and difficult to catch mistakes.
	Imagine the mind of a reviewer - what may interest him or her - this is our challenge.
		How to bring a reviewer to your thought process, when you are not in front of him or her and appreicate your work and accept your paper.
		1. abstract and intro
			mention importance of area
			good number of open challenges
			adressed problem is very important to be solved ASAP.
			the idea is novel and good thought process.
		2. explain the proposed idea with fiure nicely.
		3. to proof the idea good.
			analytical solution - maths model.
			simulation - considered all parameters rightly and simulation platform
			implementation - take care of all possible features as explained in idea.
		4. results and discussions
		5. can't repeat any point >1 else boring.
		check grammar and flow.
		conclusion in line of abstract.
		write references according to IEEE standards.
		in your own language - do not copy sentence or figure from others.
	Examples - success in innovation
		apple -> as product.
			consistency - new products, new experiences - cannibalizing itself in each generation
			focus - understanding key needs and focus on that (rather than generalization)
			user research
		android as platform
			consistency - open to all
			focus - affordability
			user research - MNOPQ. constant pipeline newer features.
		whatsapp as application.
			first movers advantage
			etc.
	Fails
		kodak - old tech, failed to react fast.
		nokia - stuck with old tech, failed to reach fast. strength overestimated.
		lack of innovation and slow to market.
	Individual success stories.
		pranav mistry - sixth sense, mouse less, sparsh.
		arogyaswami paulraj
		jagadish chandra bose
		srivasa ramanujan
	new generation
		larry page and sergey brin - mentored by rajeev motwani - data mining over internet.
			vs gn prasanna - 5 problems everyday and forgets but rajeev motwani doesn't.
		elon musk - paypal, tesla, spaceX.
		larry ellison - co-founder of oracle.
		mark zukerberg - facebook.
		even failed? success in knowledge and huge self satisfaction.
		common - techno-inventors -> extremely strong in domain area.
	Concluding remarks
		go step wise in your area of interest to be an inventor -> on'es better career depends on invention as customers needs change over time.
		alway focus on your basics and logical thining to understand - think outta box for solution to problem.
		spend good amount of time to be master of an area in the starting of your career - do not jump around to be part of many activities or areas.
		one thing common - domain of interest and passion with vision.
		you have all the qualities to be a good inventor -> select one or 2 area (cloud scheduling and ML, etc) and start as discussed.
	Research starts with questioning even what's known.
	can I answer this - devops - routine work - without reducing quality can I reduce time or increase efficiency.
	https://jam4.sapjam.com/groups/wXCyXFMcFp3uppnnzBOCo5/content?filters=video
CS - good GIT Repos for AI
	https://github.com/nandadeepd/computer-vision
	github.com/Kartik17
	github.com/anmspro
CS - https://machinelearningmastery.com/save-load-keras-deep-learning-models/
CS - Code Review - Dummy comment (unnecessary code), Dummy logging remove, it naming be very descriptive of what it does, take query outta loop
	pattern - Clean and readable code (top down across), efficiency.
CS - There is also discussion attached to every page of documentation - that's cool - Apache JIRA I think already supports it. Not all documentations are like that.
CS - DMPM Abstract - PM view of software (How does that work - drill down)
	Business Problem - Eg ERP for SME Market (That's a set member of former)
		(Set of) Product - Eg BYD - Think, how is BYD implemented - concrete question (and what all it supports - extensibility, PI, etc - these are all abstracts for product - tell concretely.)
			(Set of) Frameworks (set of features, generalized PM), Tiers / Layers - Eg Application Tier of BYD. Think, how does application layer of BYD work? Framework (X4, NGAP, NW, BOF, etc) for general solution + Business/ Application/ Functional Areas (BO, BOF Impl) for specific solutions. Eg - Purchase Order, PO Determinations.
				About - 
					abstractly but concrete details exist.
				(Set of) Business (or other) Logic - thru BOF Impl instances - Determinations, Validations, etc.
					(Set of) Business Rules + Workflows. Think, units of logic - Specific BOF Impl - Determination, Validation, etc. Eg exist at all the steps.
						About
							Eg - BOF Implementations in general and Determinations in specific, different Configurations.
						(Set of) Operations - Think exits and code in there.
	Revision - Drill down of PM - Business Problem, Making SaaS Product, Application/ Business Layer for all Business Area (or feature), Business Logic (BOF) Implementation, Rules + Workflows, Operations.
	Observation 
		Observe, The answer to concrete of previous step was abstract of next step (although they were concrete details of to the question - eg - I didn't say BYD application consists of Framework and business logic but I said X4 and BO - but these are abstract ideas still from drill down perspective.
	Some thoughts
		Application Logic, Business Logic are abstract ideas that change from product to product.
			Eg - Business Logic of Product A - Business Logic is both abstract and concrete name.
		BL implementation is concrete for every product and is a set of abstract concepts like determination, validation, etc.
		BL Implementation Unit (Config + Class) - Generic Name for specific Business Logic Determination, BL Validation.
			So, Det1 in BO1 Node1 is a determination instance or it is a BL Implementation unit.
CS - Conda, pip seem to be all package managers for python - Anaconda is just one distribution for python CPython, PyPy, Jython, etc.
	IDE viz pycharm (eclipse like), spyder (R like), Jupyter (Browser IDE)
CS - tech = coding; LDL = Engg (what all specifics); HDL (Arch - what biz mapping). why - science/ maths. Requirements - product/ biz s/w usage - consulting.
	Innovation = CRUD - RUD - Create or add new features or tech to SOA. Better retrievals and modifs - like changes is good.
CS - Zoom DMPM - QA different from Chat (good decision), raise hand, settings, share screen like others.
	Info icons - encrypted, chat pop out.
	Chat
		Reactions
	Controls - Record, Share screen.
		Volume - unmute, start video, 
	Participants
		Invite
		Views - grid, person, thumbnail, only name, Side by side (screen share and person) etc
CS - ML Regex
	Precurser
		NumPy
		Pandas
		Scikit
		//TensorFlow
	Supervised
		Regression
			Linear Regression
				R - 
				Octave / Matlab - 
				Python - 
				JS - 
		Classification
			Logistsic
			SVM
				R - svm.
			NN
			Statistical
				Random Forest
				Naive Bayes
			Uncat
				R - rpart, predict, table (confusion matrix)
	Unsupervised
		Clustering
			R - cluster lib, pam lib, hclust.
				cluster over columns - Finding similar columns - chi square (chisq.test), similarity matrix, distance matrix.
			Octave - 
			Python - KMeans
		Outlier or anomaly Detection
		PCA
		Associal Rules - arules (apriori), 
	ML general
		Language basics - File I/O, View data, convert to matrix, max min, filter, 
		cleaning
			R - dplyr
		overfit, underfit
		train test validate
		validation metrics
		Visualization
			R - ggplot2, rpart.plot, rattle (fancyRpartPlot)
		Techniques - Silhouette plot (which cluster is best), t-SNE Plot (Rtsne)
	Uncat
		R - cutree, 
			install.packages( arules , scatterplot3d, vcd, seriation, igraph,"grid","cluster","TSP","gclus", "colorspace")
			install.packages("arulesViz")
CS - Application Logic vs Business Logic 
	Business Logic is logic as per functional specification (functional) and application logic is more technical in nature - like servlets, ODBMC, connect to that DB (architectural)
	So, NGAP or X4 is our Application Logic along with exits and BYD application area exit class codes are like business logic.
CS - Codebase - someone add config on top. And you changed the config. On merge conflic arises - imagine if there are many commits then it will shit itself.
CS - https://broadcast.co.sap.com/
	Pods to rearrange - Video, Slides, Event Info, Ask Questions
	Support ticket, feedback.
CS - User Logs on Graph databases
	Graph databases used for Process mining tracking user & event logs
	We would like to derive process insights from event data captured by information systems in the form of an event log.
	Google : neo4j process mining
CS - have a dependency DAG of PI messages so that when one is stuck. So that immediate check if the chain is moving on perfectly.
CS - R Language
	install.packages, library
		rm (remove data.frame), 
	data, dim, str, names, summary, head
		writable - names(data)[i] = "abc"
	assignment
	subsetting - data[1:2,c("price", "bedrooms")], na.omit, data.frame(1:3), cbind, table$new_col, data[sort(sample(100,90)),]
	descriptive - mean, sd.
		normalize - s - mean(s) / sd(s)
		population aggregates - apply(sample[,1:3],2,mean) - rows vanish.
		aggregate(data, by, FUN) - by means group by - FUN is what to do with all the cols.
	clustering - kmeans(data, 3)
		size, withinss, totss, tot.withinss, betweenss
		screeplot-plot - for loop distance with cluster size, ggplot - data, aes, color, geom_point()+scale_x_continuous(breaks..)
	R - ifelse(vector==2, 1, 0)
		IO - jsonlite - fromJSON(file or web link)
		read.table, read.csv(file or link)
		XML - readHTMLTable, 
		as.data.frame(input)
	Decision Tree - rpart(class ~ vars+vars, method="class", data, control, parms = list(split="gini"))
		plot(model, margin, main="Heading")
		text(model, use.n = TRUE, cex = .7)
		predict(model, newdata, type="class")
	confusion matrix - table(predict$variable, as.numeric(test$output))
		performance(pred,"tpr","fpr") #tpr=TP/P fpr=FP/N
	probability - dbinom, pbinom, dnbinom, pnbinom, dhyper, phyper, dpois, ppois, pnorm.
	Hypothesis testing
		t-value = pt(obs - mean) / (sd/sqrt(n))
		series generation - rnorm(15, 2, 1)
		t.test(series, alternative, mean) #can give 2 series also
	Anova
		aov(x~y, data)
		chisq.test(x_vector, y_vector)
	RMySQL, RODBC
		dbConnect(MySQL(),dbname="world",username="root",password="root")
		dbListTables(con)
		dbGetQuery(con,"SELECT * FROM city")
		dbDisconnect(con)
		Or
		connection<-odbcConnect("mysql",uid="root",pwd="root")
		sqlTables(connection)
		import.sql2<-sqlFetch(connection,"host_summary")
		close(connection)
	ML Uncat - lm(x~y)
	(T5 next)
CS - scikit learn - LogisticRegressionCV(cv=5)
CS - Excel - W1
	where other tools not available - cuz has some dangers as well.
	Tooltab (menubar), Ribbon (Toolbar), Quick Access Toolbar.
	Workbook = a File, Worksheet named, Row and cols for data (16K cols and 1M rows) - Cell ranges, cell name box, cells named ranges (can manage under data tab - ctrl F3)
		Flashfill feature, Ctrl+V is pasting values, styles and names not just data (paste special for values, transpose, etc), Ctrl-Enter for formula copy.
	Functions
		Count (vals, A for non-empty cells, etc) - relative cell ref, absolute cell reference (F4)
			use absolute and relative for cumulative.
			date is internally a number.
		sum, max, average.
		ifs - countif, sumif, etc.
	Text functions
		trim, len
		textjoin
			concat, concatenation, &, etc.
		Find(str) - gives index number (case sensitive)
		search, left, right, mid
		switch, replace.
		exchange - convert numbers to strings.
		value, substitute, flashfill.
	Logical Tests
		something is bigger solve, sth is right or not.
		--(H2 = A1) or not
		Dynamic IFs - don't forget to fix the references.
		AND, OR, NOT.
		Nested IFs.
		ISNUMBER, ISTEXT.
		IFS, 
	Special Functions
		Hyperlinks
		Forecast - x, known range (dates), unknown range.
		Addins
		3D Map
		Excel Solver.
CS - IT systems are also at increased risk right now along with COVID health risks. Recent reports show that spam has spiked 14,000% during the crisis.
	Fraudsters use many methods: airline refunds; charities; fines for breaking social-distancing rules; the list goes on. Always be on the lookout for suspicious requests  such as payments in the form of Bitcoin or unconventional channels.
CS - DL - dvar instead of djdvar, etc.
	Nudge, sloppy, funny, 
CS - tic toc variable names to to compare for loop with vectorized - SIMD arch so 300 times faster.
CS - 
	import urllib2
	import zipfile
	# download data
	url_utils = ''
	url_data = ''
	utils = urllib2.urlopen(url_utils) 
	data = urllib2.urlopen(url_data)

	file_utils = utils.read() 
	dataset = data.read() 

	# save data to file
	with open("lr_utils.py", "wb") as code:     
	   code.write(file_utils)

	with open("datasets.zip", "wb") as code:     
	   code.write(dataset)

	# unzip datasets
	with zipfile.ZipFile("datasets.zip","r") as zip_ref:
		zip_ref.extractall("")
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29640254/when-why-to-use-map-reduce-over-for-loops
CS - AI - Game, Compete, Challenge, etc.
	No actors, only story - movies
	1 actor, story - challenge, story
	2 actors, story - co-ed
	2 actors, opp for 1 goal - competition
	n actors, opp against each other - game. Chess game.
	contest is more casual than competition. ... a contest always involves a prize while competition usually doesn't. a contest refers to a single event while a competition can last a whole season.
	A match is an event consisting of the matching of two{or more} opponents or teams in a competition involving the playing of one[or more] games.
	Competition arises whenever at least two parties strive for a goal which cannot be shared (wiki : competition)
	https://hinative.com/en-US/questions/2020924
		For tournaments, I would say there are many matches within a tournament, sort of like a bracket (College basketball for example) - ?tournaments are a game that teams enrol for.
		For competition, I would say it could be at any level, whether it's a friend against a friend or a team against a team. ?which all teams are competing for title.
		For match and game, they're pretty much the same, just different uses depending on the sport. Matches or face-offs are conducted in tournaments to come closer to winner decisions.
		SAP - Sambandh, Abhidhyeya, Prayojan.
	https://hinative.com/en-US/questions/485328 - match or "game" - competing against each other in one event. Race is used with the speed. competition is a general term for any event or series of events
	https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/34105/what-determines-whether-a-sporting-event-is-a-game-match-contest-or-something
	Challenges of different forms - quiz, puzzle, we like stories with a twist cuz that's the puzzle or the punch - sth for us to crack.
	stories we like for free emotion trigger. All these stories, challenges, games are abstractions of life where 1 particular aspect (or n similar aspects) is put on trial within boundaries of rules or constraints.
CS - DL - For regression, use tanh in hidden layers and output layer using linear or relu.
CS - Suse Course - LINUX world 
	DM - Distributions - Redhat, Suse, CentOS.
		Flavors (to play with) - OpenSuse (suse employees and community maintain it) and SLES variant of Suse (others - Suse Linux enterprise storage, OpenStack Cloud Product, etc)
			Releases (current) - Leap, tumbleweed. Leap is tied to SLES. Targeted at developers and power users. Tumbleweed - made available after stabilized. Targeted at users. Rolling Distribution - no single release but overtime.
				Versions or Patches
				Users types - new (free, safe, stable, fun), advanced (support and customizable), FOSS developer (community collaboration, foundational support)
	Details
		features
			Best components of OpenSuse are hardened to support users for OS.
			SLES15 is Multimodal - Data centers and cloud envt.
			Modular+ - eth is module - high availability, desktop application, etc.
			Try OpenSuse Leap 15 and then transition to SLES 15 - POC and then seamlessly transition with full support.
			First changes in Opensuse - it works and different variants should succeed as well.
			Hardware platform can be any IBM Power, IBM System, x86_64 or ARM - common SLES codebase shared by them and customizations come in.
				Binary Code base - based on hardware - shared across with OpenSuse variants.
		SLES Maintenance Model - How long is this OS gonna be valid.
			Any product Original release say 15.0 - 
				GA release or first release (General Availability) - dot O release requires work to come full potential.
				SP1, LTSS (Long Term Service and Support) - extra subscription to pay for continued support. Current 2 years of Support Pack + extension of LTSS by 3 years. Any time during those 2 years. So total of 5 years.
				Pay for LTSS - SP supports are normal. You don't buy each Support Packs - simply supported on those variations. LTSS needs payments.
			So 13 years of service is given for a product of a version you buy.
CS - BYD MDRO - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28209371/how-can-a-program-run-at-specific-time
	Across versions - Incompatible semantic / behavior change.
CS - it worked b4 but this command no longer there - so chat to technical. Frustration, low productivity.
	Redirect to page of app as per your query. Eg supplier - OWL.
	SAP's digital assistant - same across all the apps. Even support for outside business processes also so integration supported to them as well.
	better than others like from microsoft cuz low level connections with successfactors, etc. Save 1 year of integration.
	Lose many customers cuz of bad support so bridge the gap. Straight to the points exchanges L0 support.
	We make bot building platform that other apps can customize (?like UI Designer)
	Dashboard to create chatbot - configs for language, greetings, etc. Train, build, connect, monitor.
	Train - new intent under new bot. Add model - new expression for a query - training phase.
		new sentence and detected.
	Build - new skill. action to do after understood. if x then (trigger), requirements (model), action - send message, external service - configure GET rest api.
		You have {(api.response.header) available items of (api.response.body)}.
	Connect - ...
	Monitor - is it possible segregate conversation based on conversation id in monitoring perspective for reporting purpose?
		What all chats took place and our findings.
	QA - authorizations for your questions supported? REST calls have authorizations. Using autoML for intents.
	https://jam4.sapjam.com/groups/c10rt1HnU9SdqXmH78dIHs/overview_page/bV6YvxSmyE4we6LzqMvW3R
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36013063/what-is-the-purpose-of-meshgrid-in-python-numpy
CS - Suse
	YaST
		YaST - yet another set up tool -local system configration tool.
		network, storage, software, network services.
		4 interfaces - CLI (interactive and not; graphical and not)
		Graphical - GNOME (Activities > Apps > YaST)
		CLI - get access of root and then make changes thru ssh.
		command line vs terminal. Shell.
		Categories - software, hardware, software, network security, support, virtualization.
			related functions on the right.
			ncurses - similar looks but no mouse - tabs and arrows.
			Yellow highlight is hotkey for that button - alt+hotkey.
		Modules - basic functionality - how to configure OS with it.
			lan (configure networks), firewall (view and change settings), nfs (client), nfs-server, partitioner (disk partitioner), scc (support center config), sudo, sw_single (add, remove software packages)
	Unified Installer
		for additional products not just SuSe - from the same medium. while having one small iso. 670 MB.
		1 installation media for 8 options available - Enterprise, server, Manager server, Manager Proxy, Real time, for SAP apps, desktop 15, etc.
		Minimum command line based system installed unless - 
			with registration code
				connectivity to SCC.
				RMT - Repository Mirroring Tool.
			SLE-15 Packages - second iso downloaded and made available during installation. 6 gigs.
		very small baseline functionality and add functionality on top - that matches your need.
		installation process - changes are written to disk. SLES - summary with link on right to changes. Continue with selections - be certain - run thru installation itself.
	Practical - Boot, install, upgrade, more.
		Install - subscription, Loading Kernel.
			I/N for SCC subscription and downloads.
			add update repo, download packages, copy and apply, restart.
			Language and keyboard layout.
			Accept license.
			System probing and registration.
			add on products - I would like - add using FTP, HTTP, NFS, DVD, HDD - download repo desc files.
				python, containers, basesystem, desktop apps, server application modules.
				Adding repo - so as to know where to bring that from.
			System Role - SLES with GNOME envt (others text, KVM, etc)
			Suggested partitions defaults.
			time zones.
			Local user - create new user.
			Installation settings - summary with links to changes.
				Software, booting, security (SSH yes not), firewall, network,..
			Installation starts.
	Extensions and Modules
		Modules - allow configs of various components. allow you shape the products as per need.
			have clearly defined scope
			basesystem - adds a basic system on top of installer. reqd by other modules and extensions. for anything beyond CLI.
			desktop apps - adds GUI and essential apps.
			Dev tools - compilers, libs replaces former SDK.
			Legacy - old packages of previous versions.
			Server apps - server functionality by providing network services like DHCP, name server, web server.
			web and scripting - packages for running web server.
		Extensions - advanced capabilities for tasks like live patching, high availability clusters (available in modules but this is more and has more support)
			offered as subscriptions with reg key.
			have own release notes.
			eg - enterprise storage, worksation extension.
			have module dependency.
				eg - enterprise storage on basesystem and server applications.
			For later installations - Launch YaST - add system extensions or modules.
			High Availability extension
				enables linux clusters physical or virtual with high availability.
				automate apps and data recovery.
				eliminate single points of failure.
				transfering workloads when faults or failures occur.
			Live Patches - without rebooting - patch the kernel.
				apps keep running.
				max uptime for wide range of systems.
				in memory db, simulation uninterrupted, mission critical infrastructure services, massive time critical deployments.
			Enterprise Storage (Intelligent Software defined storage solution)
CS - Excel - Week1
	Unit 1: Getting Started
	Unit 2: Standard Functions
	Unit 3: Text Functions
	Unit 4: Logical Tests
	Unit 5: Special Functions
CS - Excel - Week2
	Unit 1: Reference Functions I
		lookup, vlookup, htlookup, match (think table where clause and selection clause)
	Unit 2: Reference Functions II
		offset (relative cells - f9 for list - formula to open up), indirect (pointer), index (same as offset)
	Unit 3: Array Functions
		sumproduct (sum of products in 1 go; with categorical conditional mult), transpose (array), mmult, frequency, row, column.
	Unit 4: Data Validation
		whole number, decimal, date, time, text lengths, digits, custom, list. condition should be true for the cell.
	Unit 5: Generating Data Entry Templates
		contents, formats, structure - suggestions. Write on yellow ones don't use others - use fonts, border without overdoing.
		freeze panes - on the left and top. Title, description then real table. can hide them so that no1 can see.
		checkboxes format control - boolean values.
CS - Suse Linux - W1
	Unit 1: Flavors of SUSE Linux
	Unit 2: Introduction to YaST
	Unit 3: The SLES Unified Installer
	Unit 4: SLES Modules and Extensions
CS - IDE - VSCode
	Title Bar 
	Menu Bar
		File, Edit, Selection, View, Go, Run, Terminal, Help.
	?Quick Access - collapse, expand for ?views.
		Explorer
			Open Editors, Navigator, Outline (file), Timeline, NPM Script
		Search
			find, replace, space to include/exclude.
		GIT changes
			file changes, status, message, add, move next, move back, restore, etc.
		Debugger
			Local, watch, call stack, breakpoints, loaded scripts.
		Extensions
			Enabled, recommended.
		Antlr
			Lexer tokens, parser rules, grammar dependencies
			token channels, lexer modes, action and semantic predicates.
		Docker
			containers, images, registers (connect registry)
			networks, volumes, contexts, help feedback.
		GitLens
			Repos, File history, Line history, compare, search commits.
	Editor
		Tabs for File Open, Selected tab - show file, cascade path, scrollbars, overview code.
	?Console view
		Problems
		Output
		Debug console
		Terminal
	Hierarchical proposed view
		In sequence of action - moving from master to transactional.
			View, terminal - settings.
			File
			Edit/selection
			Navigate from file.
			Run.
		BO type view - later sometime.
CS - IDE - Eclipse
	Title bar, menu bar, tool bar.
	Perspective - Java, J2E, Java Debug.
		Docked views (Left, right, bottom) - Package Explorer, navigator, Project explorer, outline.
		Editor View - tabs, open file, scrollbars.
		Console View - Problems, Javadoc, Declaration, Console, etc.
CS - IDE = Editor, compiler/debugger, Project View in perspective, extensions for ease (eg GIT, search, etc)
CS - Transpilation from ABAP to TS.
	Here the big challenge is impedance mismatch of syntax or capabilities.
		compilers like CUP parser, Lex yacc already support extracting portions as per grammar and for 1:1 syntax mapping the parts can be rearranged.
		using regex instead of compiler? well, it should be under compiler cuz of level we are operating on is CFL. 
			I personally worked out well at this level for some methods conversions - huge if-else block or switch block with for loops and all. used notepad++ regex.
		If not 1:1 1:n mapping should also be ok for every abap construct to ts conversion. 
		n:1 will take efforts to find. m:n also same problem so best avoided.
		sy-subrc construct - how to convert to ts?
			it means if previous operation was successful so every operation in grammar action has to have status implementation as well which would be consumed by next part but hierarchy makes it a little complicated.
			Their choice was let it be. Let developers take care of it.
	Extension they built - given a class - pull the file from XREP of ACL 120 system and transpile and then write into the configured folder.
CS - JS - every async call follows a trend - hook addition, callback function and then hook emit - so basically a decorator for such calls.
	in such async_hooks - a unique id is given for the async call and context is saved. And during emit context of an async id is retrieved.
	Also peek if someone else wanna go next during async. That means if response to some previous async is ready, process it up.
CS - JS - Using async simply implies that a promise will be returned.
	https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/async-await-javascript-5038668ec6eb
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16523870/is-javascript-synchronousblocking-or-asynchronousnonblocking-by-default
CS - Suse Linux - W2 - File System and Identity
	Unit 1: The Filesystem Hierarchy Standard (FHS)
		LSB - companies, orgs together - standard to build to, interoperability - then easy navigation to distributions, platforms without trouble.
		Which directories must be located on the first level and contents.
		2 layer hierarchy - 
			top root layer (/), 
			what's under /usr and /var
		FHS design factors
			Compartmentalization - by separating out components of file system, gain security, order.
			Writability - where can users and processes safely store files.
			Shareability - who can access what, with and without changes to default permissions.
			FHS maintained by LINUX Foundations.
		First layer
			log and email in var.
			/ and /root are different.
			proc - to make changes to kernel.
		Second Layer - 
			/usr
				usr/bin - for non-previliged users.
				sbin - system admin programs.
				local - specific to machine programs.
				src - code for kernel and programs.
			/var
				var log - for suse machine logs also.
	Unit 2: Linux File Types
		inode - organized form of saying where data exists on device.
		hard link on same device not another cuz inode.
		symlinks are frequently used in linux to navigate easily.
		console inputs use character device files for shell.
	Unit 3: User Management
		etc shadow has hash of password - how at infy I changed my password after forgetting it.
		passwd anyone could see but shadow - only root user.
		something other than x in password field means suspended.
		shell is tool to interact with OS using cmd line. shell uses bash shell which is default for the user.
		must change - can force change for a user.
	Unit 4: Filesystem Permissions
		every file has a mode.
		write on directory - doesn't apply to directory itself.
		mostly - standard and octal notations.
		change permission using mode cuz called mode of a file.
		with SGID set - the file is run as group's root mode.
	Unit 5: Privilege Delegation
		su for containment and also get job done.
		su ain't super user command but substitute user or switch user command.
		sudo - switch to another user and do.
			originally meant superuser do.
		visudo is preferred text editor to make change.
		with changing file contents you also specify which users can use sudo to run a file as root.
		host means machines. ALL means all machines.
		NOPASSWD - can't shutdown computer without password prompt.
		run as user alias - can run as if they are another user (thru su of course)
CS - any software app - Master Data, Transactional Data, Analytics Data.
	Other Management - Configuration, Authorization (security). etc.
CS - W3 - Dimensions and measures - not much different in excel.
	refresh on pivot table.
CS - git log --follow -- filename - all changes to a file.
	git log path for changes to directory as well - but with rename, stumbles.
CS - Suse - Release change without software version like few file changes.
CS - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/types-of-regression-techniques/
	Multicolinearity, 
	Correlation measures the relationship between two variables. ... Correlation refers to an increase/decrease in a dependent variable with an increase/decrease in an independent variable. Collinearity refers to two or more independent variables acting in concert to explain the variation in a dependent variable.
	it is limited to the linear relationship.
	it is easily affected by outliers.
	regression solution will be likely dense (because no regularization is applied)
	subject to overfitting.
	Normalization need.
	google:regression algorithms list
CS - Network changed but my MS teams session continued so systems designed s.t there is separation and replaceability at any layer.
CS - Bag of Words (BoW) is an algorithm that counts how many times a word appears in a document. It's a tally. ... Each of the documents in the corpus is represented by columns of equal length.
CS - Python Media Player
	https://web.mit.edu/music21/doc/usersGuide/usersGuide_02_notes.html#usersguide-02-notes
	https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/javafx-building-a-media-player/
CS - Any product like BYD could be understood at different stages of SDLC 
	Problem solved (ERP), Requirements Specifications (Functional Areas, Non-functional details), Design - Design Time tools used, Modeling, Work division; Implementation and Working (Runtime Application Frameworks; Explain your workday - who's who in work distribution); Testing (Tools used), Deployment (SPC, Containerization); Maintenance (Hotfix Cycle, etc).
	Through all the stages, what is done by other teams is abstraction of what was going to be delivered.
		Design time 
			Technical specifications abstracted into MDRS tool and so on. 
			Similarly Functional reusages abstracted into reuse objects - DO, reuse classes, Embedded Components.
		Run time details abstracted (or intersections or reused component across all) into NGAP framework.
CS - Kubernetes
	Related Terms - Docker, Shell, IT, DevOps, etc.
	Container Defn
		container is defined as a collection of software processes unified by one namespace with access to an operating system kernel that it shares with other containers and little or no access between them
		In Docker world, container is a runtime instance of Docker images that contain three things, a Docker image, an execution environment, and a standard set of instructions
		container is an object and the class is a Docker image
	Core pieces - of the Docker ecosystem are the Docker Engine and the Docker Store, sometimes referred to as the Docker Hub.
		Docker Engine is comprised of runtime and packaging tools and is required to be installed on the hosts that run Docker
		The Docker Store is an online cloud service where users can store and share their Docker images.
		Docker image being 3rd.
	Container vs VM
		each virtual machine includes many applications, all the necessary binaries and libraries that would exist on the OS, and the entire guest operating system to interact with them.
		container will include the application and all of its dependencies, but will share the kernel with the other containers
			not tied to any specific infrastructure other than having the Docker Engine installed on its host
			isolated process in the user space on the host OS. run on almost any computer, infrastructure, or cloud
	Benefits
		Dev and DevOps alike.
		apps portable and packaged standardized. deployment very easy and repeatable
		Testing, packaging, and integrations can be automated
		support microservices architectures
		alleviate platform compatibility issues
		DevOps -> simplifies release management; reliable release - improves the speed and frequency. Smooth SDLC - consistent life cycle.
			configured once and run multiple times - repeatable and efficient.
			consistent envt - no delta of envt across dev, prod, staging. Scaling Apps is simpler.
			Deploy in seconds - adding extra workers easier, workload can grow and shrink on demand.
		developers and DevOps team now have a common language to collaborate.
			express needs and arch in terms of containers - same vocab.
			issues communicated to devs easily. dev team can isolate and debug specific issues to a container level.
				eliminating problems relating to differences in hosts or runtime issues with applications.
			assist with code agility and help you build a continuous integration or continuous deployment pipeline.
	Results
		dramatic increase in their use. 
		2017 survey indicated that organizations expect the number of containerized apps will rise by 80% in 2019. 
		use containers to build applications to incorporate a microservices-based architecture. 
		CICD - This use case really pushes an IT team to develop, test, and deploy applications faster in a more automated fashion.
CS - NPM Install fail - error Unexpected end of JSON input while parsing near
	solution - npm cache clean --force
CS - Understanding behavior, exhaustive unit test cases.
	Just like we can create exhaustive unit test cases thru cross product over initial constraints, boundary constrainst, final constraints, etc...
		any existing behavior of a module component can be understood by covering the same test case to understand it - better still is to look at the code to understand.
CS - integration at UI level - lightweight date between shopping Cart and Ariba catalogue. Find delta between ECC deployment to S4 migration deployment and doing the needful. Hotfix equivalent patches and release equivalent to to upgrade. Patches installation and uninstallation were optional. There can be overlap show upgrade used to take more than 9 months resolve dependency between patches. Ecosystem is so important and other competent Gmail service only take positives from there in to Gmail. But the big companies politics matters more than these things. X4 equivalent is also being built by c4c - silos no bridge but that's what means they are coming from MBA background - don't know what to say that they themselves don't believe in.
CS - git branch --contains ab123456
	does this commit exist in that branch.
CS - https://github.com/Anwarvic/Deep-Learning-Specialization-2017--Coursera/tree/master/COURSE%205%20Sequence%20Models/Week%2001/02-Dinosaurus%20Island/models
CS
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8877666/how-is-a-javascript-hash-map-implemented
	https://medium.com/@akiratakezawa/the-golden-path-to-become-a-full-stack-data-scientist-who-is-needed-by-in-real-industry-e865e47e3788
CS - JDBC is client side adapter.
CS - Connection to router 192.168.1.1 fails when using VPN cuz obviously you can damage their settings cuz you are virtually in their network and calls to internet are made from there.
	so important for vpn connection to have this configured.
CS - DevOps
	Specifications / Consulting
		Uncat - Runtime Behaviors and not much with Design Time.
		Documentation
		Clients
			UI
				Views - All Instances, Read Only Instance view, Edit Quick View, Edit complete view.
				CRUD of following:
					Master, BC, Transactional (Background Jobs), Reuse (approval, authorization, tasks), Analytics.
				Operations
					Create - from scratch or tools, from reference, from copy.
					Retrieve - Queries for interesting views - different statuses. Sort or filter (advanced filter) on column.
					Update - different screens.
					Delete - delete, void, cancel.
				User Levels - key user, normal user, partners, etc.
			Web Services.
			Extensions - Excel, Chrome, etc.
			Software - Collaboration Window.
			Chatbot.
			Audio.
			IOT Sensors.
	Design and Planning.
		Uncat - UML, PPT, Discussions, etc. Arch level stuff.
		Arch
		Scrum
	Development
		Code Management - Versioning (GIT) and Package Management (NPM), Builds (Ant, Maven)
		Front end Layer
			Libraries
			Code
				Model - Ajax, Runtime Data Binding or managed from backend.
				View - HTML, CSS, Bootstrap.
				Controller - Javascript, JQuery.
			Runtime Framework
		Application Layer
			Functional - 
				Libraries
				Business Layer
					IDE
					Exits
					PL
				Runtime Framework - Node, Express, BAF.
			Non-functional
				Security - authorization, Configuration, reuse services, foundations or master data etc.
		Runtime Platform and IO
			OS, DB, Loggers, etc.
	Quality - BOUM2, Start, Selenium.
	Deployment - Kubernetes, Dockerfile, SPC.
	Maintenance - L0, L1, L2, L3. Consulting, Backend Correction, Code Correction, etc.
CS - IOT - sensors and actuators capabities with arduino and raspberry pi (MVC - mostly controller part and views and just a command away) - extending the sensing and actuating capabilities are imagination away - like control signal for sth huge - eg bluetooth or wifi signal for starting a machine or start something in cloud, launch a missile from smartphone click of button, inform thru alarm when temperature increases, etc.
	MIT Arduinodroid app just makes making android app easier which would interface with arduino - very GUI based programming; protocol of its own but you can make android app independently as well but why not leverage the effort of sb platform. It makes a light weight client which doesn't talk to android based server at all directly contacts arduino thru some interface.
	observe how effects of general social welfare drill down from the original idea. And whole face of the world changes. These days eth happens online and such convenience and ease of living.
CS - It is sth like magic that MDRO gets its execution at its scheduled time. what all to do is written in a run.
	DBOP is nth but scheduling an MDRO run.
	Hot system - things are cached properly.
CS - It is very easy to watch or get vpn for media not allowed in a country cuz we have big edge ip client, vpn extensions and what not.
	so online movies watching is easy.
CS - If someone has been using Data science to monitor is the political results have been fabricated for the last 5 years - then it can be exposed thru data science.
	well, if DS was itself used for coming up with fabricated results - that can be difficut but the issue is that you have to come up with hierarchical correctness of data.
	that means that not only the overall results should corroborate with the past but also winning and not winning of MLA should make sense or add up. There needs to be some explaination to account for events.
	another solution to keep anonymity while maintaining the technical speed will be encrypt the vote over internet and counter goes on while maintaining specific sequence of dummy votes only meant for verification purpose.
	what if those dummy votes are counted. who decides and what's guarantee that the dummy votes and biased encryption will not be by same users. 
		Get first 10 votes correctly and then start encrypting after changing values. And dummy votes creator man or org can be bought with money - it is distributed system which is being trusted.
	current distributed db of blockchain permits trustable transactions to take place between intended parties without leaving trace of specifics 
CS - GIT - working on fork - making a full circle - pull from standard branch and pushing to your own branch and finally triggering a merge from your fork to standard branch.
CS - convert a java file to exe thru jar conversion.
CS - https://www.bigcommerce.com/blog/saas-vs-paas-vs-iaas/#executive-summary-summing-up-saas-vs-paas-vs-iaas
CS - Think of hypervisors as just adaptation layer to translate or interpret instructions "communications to processors" to host OS calls.
	The host OS sees only 1 process - virtual box and not guest OS sub-processes or their system processes.
	Windows OS assumes talking to processor - here virtual box comes in middles and reads thru the guest OS process and translates it into that of host.
	Eg - click inside vmware machine - host os delegates call to vmware process to handle the click on relative coordinates on the windows. 
		The VMWare knows the position means call to guest OS coordinates so further delegation 
		and guest process says that means click on its folder which means get the children inodes of the inode in the file system.
		As I understand it - guest OS fetching children inodes means nothing to host OS so vmdk file handling is done by virtual box. 
		But guest OS has full view of its task manager. Means that processes are actually running - are these processes encapsulated by parent process - looks like. Talking to processor is same for all OS. Thus for processing instructions looks like no adaptation is reqd 
		but for system calls from guest OS? malloc and disk read are very specific to their quota permitted by host OS - so somehow this needs to be managed by virtual machines.
		Perhaps guest OS know their boundaries and so their system calls don't go outta boundaries OR guest OS system calls are delegated to host OS but then these guest system processes should be visible to host OS.
	Where is bootstrap program running?
CS - IOT Workshop
	Had attended box based IOT workshop in IIITB as well - the box came with all the sensors and actuators - and did the coding for sensor to actuator flow. Humidity, temperature, fan, light, etc.
	using Tinkercad to create all our circuits. Incredible Sango Waasa - IDE for configuring the simulation.
	Turn on the lights when anyone walks into the room. Recall Infy.
	Turn on the fan based on the room temperature
	IDEA - Here are some more interesting ideas which you can work on :
		1. Intrusion Detection System (Ultrasonic distance sensor with Piezo Buzzer)
		2. Smoke Alarm System (Gas sensor with Alarm System)
		3. Keyless Door Lock/Unlock System (Keypad along with Servo motor), etc.
CS - In regex, we can chuck out any pattern obtained till you arrive at that state you can partition the strings in parts by states (you can have n partitions) - can't chuck out any edge.
	we were considering that badly made string could look like so many ways - divide it in 2 parts by last dot or comma - and first part
	for gibberish in $1 we can think of doing mass replace of anything but digits
CS - google : how to security test a website
CS - Notification Area" or "System Tray"
	displays icons for system and program features that have no presence on the desktop as well as the time and the volume icon. It contains mainly icons that show status information, though some programs, such as Winamp, use it for minimized windows.
	System Tray - antivirus settings, printer, modem, sound volume, battery status, and more.
CS - R Features
	PL - well-developed, simple and effective programming language - conditionals, loops, user defined recursive functions and input and output facilities
	IO - effective data handling and storage
	LA - operators for calculations on arrays, lists, vectors and matrices
	DA libraries - large, coherent and integrated collection of tools for data analysis
	graphical facilities 
	attractions
		most widely used statistics programming language
		# 1 choice of data scientists
		supported by a vibrant and talented community of contributors
		taught in universities for mission critical business apps.
	Envt setting
		RStudio will therefore by default bind to the same version that is run when R is executed from a terminal. For versions of R installed by system package managers (e.g. r-base on Debian or Ubuntu) this will be /usr/bin/R . For versions of R installed from source this will typically (but not always) be /usr/local/bin/R
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56310257/when-calling-one-of-my-functions-in-node-js-the-program-first-calls-emithookfact
	when node internals cause so much problems.
CS - https://datascience.stackexchange.com/questions/6787/are-decision-tree-algorithms-linear-or-nonlinear
	non-linear in the totality but piecewise linear model (every node decision making is linear) - it borders finding a cluster for a classification - since all or most dots or datapoints in the locality of n-dimensional space are of certain class - this also is.
CS - y = f(x) should throw exception anytime when it can't be found.
	cuz of technical reasons beyond its own control
	domain not supported
	that's how programming should work.
	it may not be returning sth - even do_sth - if can't be done - say prob here!!
		if you just return, it is assumed that the job has been done.
		in abap, we throw messages so they already inform instead of exceptions - but they are meant for consumption by end user.
CS - private static variable - means some static method of the class in its first call would initialize it with some value - look for 1st call.
CS - Confusions in life - confusion matrix - the cross product
CS - Language is not a problem for me but I have liking for JAVA - preference - great!
	Paper code is not used very greatly - well on paper you can't insert lines in the middle of other lines.
CS - HTTPS active TCP Connections when n
	Microsoft Corporation Ireland Dublin - 52.178.198.107
	13.78.94.7 - Microsoft Corporation Tokyo
	10.28.92.43 - translates to 27.59.11.38 of Bharti Airtel Bangalore when querying from room
	74.125.130.188 - mountain view google
	203.13.146.243 - SAP Australia ISP - Bangalore
	52.114.74.38 - Microsoft Corporation Netherland Amsterdam
	40.74.62.125 - Microsoft Corporation Netherland Amsterdam
	52.173.28.179 - Microsoft Corporation US Des Moines
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/742341/difference-between-abstraction-and-encapsulation
	check dictionary meanings for clarity.
	encapsulate - an entity which exhibits behavior based on few exits at your disposal. Informations are kept hidden from you here.
	abstraction - generalize, think object to class (instantiate vs abstract), a lecture we take notes and call it abstract many details are ruled out, synonymous to essence.
		think - every encapsulation can be thought of as an abstraction of so many entities that could have existed trying to solve in different ways but you abstracted them out.
		car is an abstraction of Maruti, Hyundai, Chevrolet, BMW, etc.
		will you say every method is an abstraction cuz you could have implemented an method is 100 ways but user should care for only parameters? Essence of method remains same.
			but it ain't a generalization.
CS - BYD - Big Edge IP Address
	10.52.239.177 (doesn't change after doing it)
	PPP Adapter
	apmwdf01.wdf.sap.corp [10.16.207.201]
	Tracert
		10.16.207.2
		wdfrz20-nfw-01-LIA-Trust.net.sap.corp [10.16.5.199]
		interdc10-NGIA.wdf.sap.corp [172.16.91.227]
		wdf20-rtinterdc-01-provider-interdc10.wdf.sap.corp [172.16.125.106]
		Request timed out.
		wdf20-igw-01-bb-intern-wdf20-igw-01-bb-provider-ddos.dmzwdf.sap.corp [172.16.127.156]
		rot06-igw-bb-01-wdf20-igw-01-bb.dmzwdf.sap.corp [172.16.127.166]
		rot06-igw-01-bb-provider-rot06-igw-01-bb-intern.dmzwdf.sap.corp [172.16.127.147]
		Request timed out.
		Request timed out.
CS - Multiple clients make multiple requests to the NodeJS server. NodeJS receives these requests and places them into the EventQueue . NodeJS server has an internal component referred to as the EventLoop which is an infinite loop that receives requests and processes them.
CS - Command Line formats
	cmd1 parameters io_material
	arguments or parameters - 
		options (all -sth or --blah)
			command.exe -ServerName my.server.com
			A single hyphen can be followed by multiple single-character flags. A double hyphen prefixes a single, multicharacter option.
		?Enum args - reference "Build Awesome Command-Line Applications in Ruby 2"
			switches (windows uses /copy or something)
				linux takes switches to mean no additional arg needed (similar to flags boolean value - think, switch on/off)
				command.exe -DeleteFiles
			flags (-v for verbose - presence means true)
				think flag to be enum - set one of the many values thru =, 
				eg - curl --request=POST http://www.google.com
				curl -X POST http://www.google.com .
	PnC - &, &&, |, ||, (), ;
	Differences 
		?You used to use terminal but later specific softwares came in which give command line interfaces to run shell programs that make the program run and get back to command line interface.
		terminal = text input/output environment
		console = physical terminal (many instances of them possible); (?Drawing stuffs on the screen - ?GUI console on windows, CLI console in CentOS)
			console application - application that takes input and displays output at a command line console with access to three basic data streams: standard input, standard output and standard error.
			vs windows or desktop application
		shell = command line interpreter (?and executor)
	terminal - is some device with display for humans that accepts input stream of characters and shows them.
CS - Extract Ids from an xml text without any program
	copy xml - regex replace - 
	replace all the texts that follow following rules
		start with anything but has an i not followed by d and more characters
		that don't have an i followed by d and more characters
		that don't have an i anywhere
		that don't have an d anywhere - it could have selected any random character as not i and say successful.
		= .*I[^D].*|.*[^I]D.* worked fine but could have added more.
		but there will be some rows that don't have an I (OR D). then they will not be selected and replaced.
			so let's have a row to be selected using criteria that none of the characters - I or D, etc could be found. how to express that?
			\r\n[^I]*\r\n - simple!! That way we could have also said \r\n[^ID]*\r\n or better still \r\n([^I][^D])*\r\n (but this alone doesn't work)
	then use excel to split text to columns using delimiter and use formatting to check if there was any ID repeated.
CS - Different paradigms - same as different types of process model (not instances of 1 type of process model) - different vocab, representations, different ways of doing things and most importantly thinking.
	Functional Paradigm of programming, Procedural, OO, etc.
CS - Differenciate in text
	Notepad can tell - 1lI and O0 - also serif font.
CS - number of lines you have written under a folder
	wc -l **/*.ts
	wc `find | grep .php$`
	find . -name '*.ts' | xargs wc -l
	for i in $(find . -name '*.ts'); do wc -l $i; done; - how to aggregate sum over all the obtained lines is the next question
		awk '{total += $0; $0 = total}1'
		>> /home/counts.txt - and then use excel to aggregate. for i in $(find . -name '*.ts'); do echo `wc -lmw $i`>> ../../../../../file1.csv; done;
	Total Number of files under a folder - find . -name '*.ts' | wc -l
	Currently we have around 96 files and around 57K lines of code - so 500 lines per file (UI files are a little heavy so cause of this push on the mean), 
		96K words, 2.1 Million characters.
		find . -name '*.ts' | xargs wc
CS - Exit should be avoided cuz it breaks procedural programming paradigm.
CS - Google Chart API for Dashboards or even just dynamic images.
CS - JS - conditional breakpoint using if clause. ability to step thru (F12) thru loop and flagging.
	trace back source of re-calls using step back; 
CS - PHP runs on the server. The only "browser API" it has access to is HTTP.
	If you want to render a PDF on the client, then the client needs a PDF renderer
	SWTF tools to convert pdf to flash and then show
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23866817/is-it-possible-to-check-how-much-bytes-get-loaded-in-html-page
CS - Tools used for Load Testing - JMeter, NeoLoad, etc.
CS - NuSMV can be thought of as an API - which uses graph algo to check if a state is reachable for some input.
CS - Semantic Web - 
	Give - (additional = solution verb qualifier in lack of word for it) Who - you, when - today.
		pick ticket - who = you, when - today
		rule to delete - if 2 and 1 then when1 != when2.
	Imagine if such graphs could connect the world knowledge we will make 1 universal DB of knowledge.
		sematic logic rules and domain specific rules like stated above exist separate or outside as the schema definition checks 
		and are evaluated b4 adding a node.
	on which can be thought of as reverse edge of on in adhikaran
	what is passive tone - it's a tone of giving more importance to karam than karta.
		passive voice is used to show interest in the person or object that experiences an action rather than the person or object that performs the action.
		difference across languages - gender bias is applied on noun vs verb, etc.
CS - Updates on ubuntu
	sudo apt-get update        # Fetches the list of available updates
	sudo apt-get upgrade       # Strictly upgrades the current packages
	sudo apt-get dist-upgrade  # Installs updates (new ones)
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/292357/what-is-the-difference-between-git-pull-and-git-fetch
	git diff master origin/master
	happy with changes then git pull or merge or rebase
CS - Node.js is a single threaded language which in background uses multiple threads to execute asynchronous code. Node.js is non-blocking which means that all functions ( callbacks ) are delegated to the event loop and they are ( or can be ) executed by different threads. That is handled by Node.js run-time.
CS - background commands -
	start - command &
	Stop
		ps -eaf|grep "Command_name" & kill pid.
		pgrep command_name and kill
		pkill command_name
		jobs -> fg (number) -> ctrl+C.
		kill $! to kill most recent bg job
	https://superuser.com/questions/1055281/do-web-browsers-use-different-outgoing-ports-for-different-tabs
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38423930/how-to-retrieve-client-and-server-ip-address-and-port-number-in-node-js
CS - Workspace is but list of folders in text - try opening the workspace file in text.
CS - Adobe Acrobat is written in CPP and Pascal.
CS - R, at its heart, is a functional programming (FP) language. This means that it provides many tools for the creation and manipulation of functions. In particular, R has what's known as first class functions.
CS - QR on curved surface works - but specific folding doesn't work.
CS - using regex for appending 10 0s b4 a list of numbers
	using regex notepad++ replacement to convert a number into abap opensql query and statements - cuz no way to create mass list from that sequence.
CS - Repeated experiments and probability of an event is another level of probability - find favorable / total - multiply along the line.
CS - Java : Make 1 text editor.
CS - decision boundry determined by theta parameters and not by training set - training set just helps find the parameters.
CS - Decision trees - coming up with predicates or rules from the data set.
	recursively divide the data set until you are left with pure child node with all unique classes.
	can't use posterior probability cuz it needs to be symmetric. 0% or 100% means more certainity of pure split.
CS - higher the layers you are accessing the persistence, the stabler you make ; Conversely closer you are to persistence, the vulnerable the system is.
	that's why so many layers are created on top of organized persistence.
CS - Separate Methods for testing separate class of problem instances - eg - roman to arabic - additive (II,VI), subtractive (IV), normal (V), complex (XIV), error_cases (A)
CS - Console vs logger - more detailed (location, level, message, line, datetime), levels of logs, on/off logs, not mixing with output for user if at all, configure a run with log level.
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/216819/how-does-a-debugger-work
CS - Typescript
	sudo npm install -g typescript
	ts warns but transpiles anyways. mainly useful at dev time but runtime no conception of types at runtime.
	tsc --init
		can't manually compile eth so make tsc project with config file with services to configure
		how to load modules, target compiled version, 
		Ctrl+Shift+P - to configure task run - template for project compile so use tsconfig.json or watch
			task.json - what our task does - tsc on shell, -p for project and . for where the project is.
			Ctrl+shift+B - to build all ts in the project.
CS - space and many other asci codes look similar but make a difference for compiler - SAP Logon is smart that it.
CS - Developer's Life easy
	mapping pictorial of log info / debug (phases of execution) to respective classes. So, for a feature - if something ain't working - where can I find thru debugger or stuff.
CS - Google's evolution - instead of giving you a page where you upvote the results they showed - your choices of picking the link and coming back is itself an upvote or downvote for us as input for ranking.
	of course, as public uses, you will tend to use the search engine.
	yahoo and others scraped web pages and given a query, search on your database of all web pages to find which is the best result - like web page containing all the keywords, etc but this is just the starting point. Think constantly given a keywords why would 1 web page be better than the other - apply all the research on this 1 question - so while scraping web pages those research ideas will be determine what we see in a page.
CS - public static member variable means you can't track at all.
CS - git fetch and then git tag -l - followed by create new branch from there and merge and everything.
CS - https://docs.datastax.com/en/dse/6.0/dse-dev/datastax_enterprise/spark/sparkJavaApi.html
CS - HomeErp - Router home - 192.168.1.1 - password admin / 34E3804757F0. Written on the back of router. Study this web interface for configuration of ur router.
CS - Cloudfoundry - installer worked but binary didn't.
	Show them plants - home erp lacuna. What to talk - varna with social implications. Stories of all ppl in Varna.
CS - Eclipse IDE
	Perspective - Views.
	File
		CRUD with Save - switch, import, export, save, properties.
		File, Project, Workspace
	Code Editor View
		Edit
			CRUD - Undo, Redo, Copy, Paste, Del, Select All, Find, Replace, Bookmark, tooltip, content assist.
		Source
			Toggle Comment, Indent Format, imports, clean, refactors - getters, surround with.
		Refactor
			rename, move, extract local variable, interface, superclass; convert; Introduce Factory / parameter, encapsulate field, History, Create Apply script, migrate jar, infer generic type.
	Navigate
		Open Declaration, Call Hierarchy, Type hierarchy. Hyperlink, implementation, super impl, javadocs.
		Open activate task.
		show breadcrumb, Quick Outline, Show in terminal, etc.
		Next annotation. Go to Line. Back or forward.
	Search
		Search, File, Java, Remote, Refs, Declaration, Impl, Occurrences in file.
	Project
		Open close, build, javadocs, properties.
	Run
		Debug tools (step into, resume, etc), Run, Debug.
		Run history, run as, run configurations.
		Debug History, Debug as, Debug configurations.
		Coverage History, Coverage as, coverage configurations.
		Add Breakpoint - tracepoint, watchpoint, skip, exception breakpoint, classload breakpoint.
	Window
		New Window
		Editor - split, wordwrap, clone, zoom, show whitespaces.
		Appearance - Toolbar, status bar, full screen editor, etc.
		Views - Editor, Console, Terminal, Project Explorer, Task list, outline, servers, etc.
		Perspectives - JAVA, J2EE, Debug, etc.
		Navigation - next editor, next view, next perspective.
		Web Browser defaults
		Preferences - For all presentation tools or applications like compiler - some instructions like lines allowed in terminal, which JRE path to use, ignore such errors, how to handle json files, etc.
	Help
		Welcome, Search, Tips, Cheat sheets, report bug.
		perform set up tasks.
		Check for updates, install new software, marketplace.
		About Eclipse.
CS - Link to Corporate portal on windows GUI icon prompt - trying to change url - not allowed - very good! security issue avoids phishing.
CS - Docker Image, Container, Docker Engine, Docker Store.
	only dependencies and kernel is shared.
	configure once, repeat many times.
	common language and ease.
	microservices - CICD.
	containers per host is 10 so orchestrate.
	Features - Provision hosts, instantiate containers on host, restart failing containers, expose containers as services outside the cluster, scale the cluster up or down.
	Pokemon Go. EBay, Box on openstack.
CS - 
	Domain - prefix url.
		Service - IOTService (Service Module, aka web service component base url)
			App - IOTOnGIT
				Required Resource (aka required resource) - Users, Thing.
					Endpoints (Method Entity Tuple) - GET Users, Post Users, GET Thing.
CS - Slack
	Workspaces - login using sap workspace and find workspaces within sap. Add new, switch workspace, etc.
		channels subscription.
CS - Postman - Product
	API Collections - variables, info (name, postmanId), item list
		Item - 
			name - endpoint (resource)
			request - 
				url - raw (url), protocol (https), host (url parts), path (url parts), query (url query string), variable.
				method - get, post.
				header - key value arrange for authorization, customerId etc.
				body - mode:raw, raw:""
				description.
			response - array
	API Environments - to be shared separately
CS - SQL Logical Optimization - Predicate pushdown, projection pruning, boolean expression simplification, constant folding. And Cost for different execution plans.
CS - OAuth, JWT, etc.
	Valet key.
	User - do this work with drive.
	App - Drive, gimme access to users's resource.
	Drive - User, do you trust this App for sharing resource.
	User - Yes.
	Drive - Take this authorization token with limited access - valet key - limited permission.
	App (sometime in future) - use this authorization token to grant me user's files
	Drive - valid token, take these files.
	OAuth Access Token - user allowed permissions. can't be tampered. Token created by Google and given to you.
	JWT can be accessed but not modified. JSON Web tokens.
		jawt pronunciation - for 2 parties to communicate RFC standard.
		alternatives - session token.
		static no prob, dynamic page creation as per user.
		can I have P2 also - who are you?
		I am user and need P2 - ok.
		Bank remembers who you are! - using tokens.
		customer calls support - let me escalate - all details and troubleshooting steps.
		Next day - same ticket number - look up for details. Customer doesn't have to repeat her story.
		web app keeps session log with itself - so lookup. Just grant session id. Session id stored as cookie. Authenticate and return cookie and send session id everytime.
		Most apps these days look like load balancer forwarding your request to web app server.
		so shared session cache using redis. so single point of failure - so sticky sessions requests - unique forwarding.
		token id given to customer and bring that piece et next time. Malicious history fabricated by bad user. Verify signature next time.
		session tokens were reference tokens but JWT are value tokens.
		Authorization Request - Authorization token - Access Token - Resource.
	User - gimme sth.
	App (Client) - you gotta login. wanna use fb?
	User - yes.
	App to Fb - kindly gimme access token to fetch User's info - he is asking.
	Fb to App - ask user to talk to me. User (Auth token of user), do you grant the usage.
	User to Fb - yes I do.
	Fb to App - take this access token for anytime access the user's resource he allowed you for.
	App to User - take the resource you asked me now that I know your Fb details to know you.
	Be connected to Blr VPN. Installer cf is required.
	REST API returning 403 cuz not connected to Blr vpn.
CS - Maven steps for all the packages or modules.
	--- MVN_Plugin:version:step (default-step) @ package under consideration ---
		Eg - maven-resources-plugin:2.6:resources (default-resources) @ package under consideration
	resources (default-resources)
		copying resource using encoding.
	Compile - all source files.
	testResources (default-testResources)
		using encoding; skipping directory src, test, resources.
	TestCompile - no src to compile
	test (default-test)
		No tests to run.
	war-plugin:2.4:war (default-war)
		Packaging webapp, Assembling, Processing war project, copying webapp resources, assembled, building war.
	install (default-install)
		installing war and pom.xml to (user)/.m2/repo/directoryPath/version/war file and so with pom.
CS - maven project parent. maven module.
CS - IntelliJ
CS - Cloudfoundry Log
	Abstract - In 1 word - manifest, upload, process, container, instances.
		Apply Manifest.
		Packages Upload
		Processing Files
		Stage and trace logs - downloading buildpacks.
		Create container instance.
		Download app packages - springboot, tomcat, etc.
		Destroy container.
		Instances starting
		Buildpacks specified with name, request state, routes, stack, memory and #instances.
	Details as follows:
	Applying manifest file C:\Users\I341365\Desktop\PIES\I\SAP\SIOT\GITRepos\timeseries-data-ingestion-monitoring\webapp_monitoring-dataingestion-sap\manifest.yml...
	Manifest applied
	Packaging files to upload...
	Uploading files...
	Waiting for API to complete processing files
	staging app and tracing logs
		downloading sap_java_buildpack, ruby_buildpack, etc.
	Cell e07104cf-f5b5-4b01-9ae0-39781bb4a2a8 creating container for instance a4b7687c-a412-4899-a33e-79a55b731155
	Downloading App Package.
	Downloading springboot auto reconfig, tomcat, logging support, etc.
	 Exit status 0
	   Uploading droplet, build artifacts cache...
	   Uploading build artifacts cache...
	   Uploading droplet...
	   Uploaded build artifacts cache (1.9K)
	   Uploaded droplet (139.1M)
	   Uploading complete
	   Cell e07104cf-f5b5-4b01-9ae0-39781bb4a2a8 stopping instance a4b7687c-a412-4899-a33e-79a55b731155
	   Cell e07104cf-f5b5-4b01-9ae0-39781bb4a2a8 destroying container for instance a4b7687c-a412-4899-a33e-79a55b731155
	   Cell e07104cf-f5b5-4b01-9ae0-39781bb4a2a8 successfully destroyed container for instance a4b7687c-a412-4899-a33e-79a55b731155
	Waiting for app timeseries-dataingestion-monitoring-custom-aj to start...
	Instances starting
	Instances started
		name:              timeseries-dataingestion-monitoring-custom-aj
		requested state:   started
		routes:            timeseries-dataingestion-monitoring-custom-aj.cfapps.sap.hana.ondemand.com - gives 403 auth error for some goddang reason.
		last uploaded:     Mon 19 Oct 13:25:19 IST 2020
		stack:             cflinuxfs3
	buildpacks:
		name             version                                                                       detect output   buildpack name
		java_buildpack   v4.32.1-offline-https://github.com/cloudfoundry/java-buildpack.git#b55ae249   java            java
			type:            web
			sidecars:
			instances:       1/1
			memory usage:    2048M
			start command:   JAVA_OPTS="-agentpath:$PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre/bin/jvmkill-1.16.0_RELEASE=printHeapHistogram=1 -Djava.io.tmpdir=$TMPDIR -XX:ActiveProcessorCount=$(nproc)
							 -Djava.ext.dirs=$PWD/.java-buildpack/container_security_provider:$PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre/lib/ext
							 -Djava.security.properties=$PWD/.java-buildpack/java_security/java.security $JAVA_OPTS -Daccess.logging.enabled=false -Dhttp.port=$PORT" &&
							 CALCULATED_MEMORY=$($PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre/bin/java-buildpack-memory-calculator-3.13.0_RELEASE -totMemory=$MEMORY_LIMIT -loadedClasses=29474 -poolType=metaspace
							 -stackThreads=250 -vmOptions="$JAVA_OPTS") && echo JVM Memory Configuration: $CALCULATED_MEMORY && JAVA_OPTS="$JAVA_OPTS $CALCULATED_MEMORY" && MALLOC_ARENA_MAX=2
						 JAVA_OPTS=$JAVA_OPTS JAVA_HOME=$PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre exec $PWD/.java-buildpack/tomcat/bin/catalina.sh run
		state     since                  cpu    memory        disk           details
		#0   running   2020-10-19T07:55:39Z   0.0%   14.8M of 2G   217.2M of 1G
			type:            task
			sidecars:
			instances:       0/0
			memory usage:    1024M
			start command:   JAVA_OPTS="-agentpath:$PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre/bin/jvmkill-1.16.0_RELEASE=printHeapHistogram=1 -Djava.io.tmpdir=$TMPDIR -XX:ActiveProcessorCount=$(nproc)
							 -Djava.ext.dirs=$PWD/.java-buildpack/container_security_provider:$PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre/lib/ext
							 -Djava.security.properties=$PWD/.java-buildpack/java_security/java.security $JAVA_OPTS -Daccess.logging.enabled=false -Dhttp.port=$PORT" &&
							 CALCULATED_MEMORY=$($PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre/bin/java-buildpack-memory-calculator-3.13.0_RELEASE -totMemory=$MEMORY_LIMIT -loadedClasses=29474 -poolType=metaspace
							 -stackThreads=250 -vmOptions="$JAVA_OPTS") && echo JVM Memory Configuration: $CALCULATED_MEMORY && JAVA_OPTS="$JAVA_OPTS $CALCULATED_MEMORY" && MALLOC_ARENA_MAX=2
							 JAVA_OPTS=$JAVA_OPTS JAVA_HOME=$PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre exec $PWD/.java-buildpack/tomcat/bin/catalina.sh run
			There are no running instances of this process.
CS - hover on vars give u value in postman.
CS - MS Teams files app internally uses sharepoint. Similarly, recording uses stream and so forth. Launching the file use respective SaaS apps.
CS - Jenkins, GIT Jenkins, Kubernetes notes, mvn, cloudfoundry, Springboot, Jersey debugging
	Practice - cassandra table schema. hana. Spark APIs. console logs cf. Class Diagrams of explored apps.
CS - Workspace
	metadata
	RemoteSystemsTempFile - project file.
	Server - 
	Good - Project
		Good - src, target, pom.
		settings
		classpath - path to output.
		project
	More
		bad files removed thru gitignore but they do come when new project is imported or created
		remove project from workspace without delete - only removes reference of project in workspace - from where - don't know or care. Re-add using import.
CS - Maven
	Add remote archetype - Help -> Install New Software -> remote archetypes = Enter "http://download.eclipse.org/technology/m2e/releases" 
		also st, remote maven catalog = "http://repo.maven.apache.org/maven2/archetype-catalog.xml"
	Windows preference maven archetypes, Description: Remote Archetypes = Catalog File: http://repo1.maven.org/maven2/archetype-catalog.xml
		now search for jersey archetype will be successful.
	Group like SAP, Artifact Project Name, Version, type of outcome.
		all jars downloaded to m2 repos under your user - with archetype-catalog referencing your consumptions at high level.
CS - Eclipse - New Project
	XML
	Java (Ant), JS
	Maven
	Plugin or Patch
	Web
	J2E
	EMF, EJB, Gradle, JAXB
CS - Jersey REST API not working cuz maven build not done and hence it could not locate the class method - I found this out when checking that war file is not at tomcat so it must be locally handled but war doesn't even exist under target. Hey, not even classes so not built is the problem.
	gotta start server in debug mode in IDE which has application contained in it (it asks for it during configuration) 
	tomcat doesn't show it in webapps in folder but locally the configured web server gets used.
CS - New Workspace -> Import Maven Project -> Locate the project.
	Select war file project -> Properties -> Project Facets -> Dynamic Web Project.
CS - Maven
	mvn eclipse:clean eclipse:eclipse
	The second command is completely different from the first one.
	First, it deletes previously generated Eclipse files (like .project and .classpath and .settings) and then generates new ones, thus, effectively updating them. It may be useful if you introduced some changes in pom.xml (like new dependencies or plugins) and want Eclipse to be aware of them.
	mvn clean install
	The first command deletes target directory and then builds all you code and installs artifacts into local repository.
CS - Maven
	gotta add the jars to build path and deployment path and it would work! Don't need all jar maven modules to be web based project facets also.
	mvn assembly also tried for offline deployment to tomcat container but it didn't work so leave that.
	This was IQGrats. What a lead!
CS - DevOps - Jenkins (or bamboo) Deployment Delivery Pipeline High level tool.
	Code Management - Build or asssembly (Maven - ant, gradle, GIT)
		Others - Quality check - Jmeter regression or perf test (selenium), Landscape changes - CF / Kubernetes / Docker, etc.
	Virtual Machines
		vagrant - codify the process of provisioning VMs from different software virtualization providers.
			specification in code vagrant file. Box file for template.
			plugins to extend. After that u can use provisioners like ansible, chef, puppet.
		Docker, Kubernetes, CloudFoundry.
	Deployment Scripts thru specs
		chef (turn infrastructure into a code)
			system admin ensures systems are always up and running - code ensures that envt is right.
			automation that converts infrastructure to code.
			Recipe in ruby. Knife command that used to communicate recipe and server. cookbook - collection of recipe. Ohai fetches current state.chef client configures nodes as per cookbook.
			Eg - hapoalim to manage windows and linux machines.
		Puppet - manage and automate software inspection, delivery, and operation
			when nodes fail together - simple script in ruby to servers. Rollback to previous states, etc.
			deploys software to all nodes.
			puppet master and client - manifest, templates and files - agent in client side and facter.
			Eg - staples
		Ansible - automating software provisioning, configuration management, and application deployment. Servers controlled centrally like web and db servers. each script to create consistent envt. IT Automation, Configuration Mgmt consistency, apps deployment in variety of envt. Playbook, envt connect with ssh. create server in seconds. Now GUI also available.
	Logs
		ELK - Logstash collects input from various sources, and Elasticsearch stores that info. Kibana is the visualization layer.
		Splunk (makes machine data and logs accessible) also prometheus grafana.
	Nagios (for network problems - track outages and failures)
		monitor servers, utils, health, APIs reachable.
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/122160/is-there-an-easy-way-to-attach-source-in-eclipse
CS - GIT - your merge request doesn't have to recognize already existing commits but just will write on top of whatever exists.
CS - Maven Multimodule Project - dependency exclusions
	mvn dependency:tree is a clean version we need -Dverbose option to see it all.
	mvn multimodule project - main pom also specifies the modules as dependencies - if you exclude some jars from there they don't make to the project's jar which in turns might be getting consumed by another module 
	and that module may complain that it doesn't find an api which should have come from the project's jar but didn't come cuz you excluded it - even if this api's jar exists in the main project.
	this version change of diutils was important cuz regex for azure happened in that version. Now long route of hotfix pipeline can't be short circuited so thinking of an alternate way to bring it to azure.
CS - https://mkyong.com/maven/maven-how-to-create-a-multi-module-project/
	either add all the jars while running the project that makes war to run on server.
	OR add the dependencies to the current project and make it run independently as if other modules don't even exist.
CS - IntelliJ
	Practice it for best results. E1 loves it and you will also - all software professional most popular.
	IDE, Brew, Project (lang, sdk, framework)
	Project - idea folder (intelliJ settings), src, out (binaries), iml, external libs, scratches and consoles.
	View -> Editor, File Navigator, 
	Prefs - updates like font and appearance and etc
		Keymap. cmd+o.
	File - projects, etc.
	Edit - editor, view - Presentation mode, compare with and git and dark theme.
	Navigate - but keyboards better. Code - write code faster.
	Analyse - coverage percentage and refactor section.
	Build - ant and build. Run - Run and configs. Tools - switch tasks and javadocs.
	VCS - GIT Integration, Window - restore layout, Help - Support, feedback, etc.
CS - Kafka stuff.
	Equivalent of /tmp in windows is %temp% - it's under appdata local. Removing it doesn't help restart the kafka server.
	Use tar -xzf foo.tgz to unzip in windows using git or cygwin.
	back slash means nothing to kafka code so used double slash for logs and deleted all log files (kafka and especially zookeeper) to restart the kafka server properly. Your log directory should also exist.
		id already exists - don't brute close the server gracefully do it and ensure that broker ain't already running - start a new server if necessary.
	IntelliJ version - using java version 6 - needs to be changed in multiple places. New project module java version to be used.
		gotta check the dependency hierarchy.
CS - MVN latest version vs most shallow one - whichever is picked.
	remove scope with value "test" in the pom else dev code won't use that dependency and hence may not compile.
CS - GIT - git clean -n, git stash clear, git clean -fd, unzip whatever.war, jar xvf test.war, tar xzf sth
	cf ssh appName.
CS - Slack Integration - https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks
	Create a relevant REST endpoint with slack
		Create an App in workspace 
		Activate Incoming Webhooks - create
		Add new webhook to workspace - add channel and give permissions as channel owner.
			Eg - https://hooks.slack.com/services/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
	Leverage the endpoint to write to slack workspace channel which will be informed to your client (like email on outlook)
		Postman
		Bash - curl -X POST -H 'Content-type: application/json' --data '{"text":"Hello, World!"}' https://hooks.slack.com/services/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
CS - CloudFoundry - push an app with manifest unique name and use cf apps to see all the apps - use the app url and endpoints to make postman calls.
	yaml didn't find expected key - gotta convert json to yaml - https://www.json2yaml.com/
	manifest.yml containing folder is pushed - so even multimodule project - we push only the war file thru the specified manifest.yml and not other modules 
		dependencies already came thru pom of war waala module.
	cf ssh appName for all the details of container - what shows up after war is unpacked and cf's processing.
CS - curl on windows
	https://develop.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001069127#win
	https://develop.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001068567-Installing-and-using-cURL
CS - IntelliJ Find - Shift+Shift; Ctrl+Shift+F.
CS - Spring faces problems when default package is used for application and other packages should also use same prefix as that of application else problem comes.
CS - Kafka - https://dzone.com/articles/running-apache-kafka-on-windows-os
	https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-install-and-run-apache-kafka-on-windows/
CS - Tomcat not starting - clean is ok but st not just port problem but mapping problem in web.xml that tomcat won't start with illegal details there.
CS - Kafka vs bridge pattern - within application vs across applications communication.
CS - find any text file under current folder having a text content - findstr /s /i "text" *.txt
CS - Application server vs Web server communication - server exposes this business logic through a component API, such as the EJB (Enterprise JavaBean) component model found on J2EE (Java 2 Platform, Enterprise Edition) application servers.
CS - Spirit of Spark and Hadoop is similar to SQL, Python Pandas (or descriptive analytics) with all data engineering stuffs but on a big data scale and leveraging the framework.
	Data Structures - Python numpy for matrices and vectors is precursor like ADT in JAVA. Spark with equivalent Data structures. Inbuilt in R.
	Resulting Visualization - Matplotlib, Spark natively supports visualization libraries in Python, ggplot in R.
	Exploration Inference - Past Explained - Trends, Theories - SciPy; ; T-Test inbuilt in R. Spark ML Stats.
		https://towardsdatascience.com/inferential-statistics-series-t-test-using-numpy-2718f8f9bf2f
	Predictive - Future Prescriptions - Scikit Learn, Tensorflow, keras; SparkML; R Libs.
CS - In OSS community work any such version update has recursive affects of updates required to affected products or components.
	Oracle General Patch Advisory
		periodically receive reports of attempts to maliciously exploit vulnerabilities - for which security patches are released.
		Oracle therefore strongly recommends that customers remain on actively-supported versions and apply Critical Patch Update security patches without delay
		reproducibility relevant information is released for now to customers without too much details.
	REL - We updated TSS library - all consuming apps must do the adoption for safety.
	Oracle Patch
		Description.
		Risk Matrix - base score, danger, protocol, attack complexity, CIA boolean
		Work around - until patch deployment you can block network protocols or restrict previliges which are both not practical.
		Credits - Recognized ppl for contribution to security in depth.
		Patch Info - contents, product component, Risk matrix, other CVE refs addressed, additional included patches with this critical patch.
CS - Log4J
	name property_variables
	appenders = appender1
		appender.appender1.[type, name, layout type, layout pattern, etc]
		More - filename may use property_variables
	rootLogger - level, appenderRefs, stdout.ref
	Logger (actual thing) - file, name (package name), level, appenderRefs (appender1), appendRef.file (filename to write to)
CS - JAVA Email integration
	https://jaxenter.com/java-app-emails-smtp-server-164144.html
	https://www.tutorialspoint.com/javamail_api/javamail_api_checking_emails.htm
	https://www.tutorialspoint.com/javamail_api/javamail_api_fetching_emails.htm
	https://www.javatpoint.com/example-of-receiving-email-using-java-mail-api
CS - Maven - JAR (Group / Project) / package / class.
	kafka_2.11-2.4.0.tgz means kafka server 2.4.0 jar which is compatible with scala version 2.11
		kafka client doesn't use the prefix at all so no confusion there - just use same 2.4.0 jar for kafka client.
	kafka client and servers are of same versions.
CS - Maven - explored .m2 directory repository -> 
	It keeps group and artifact directories containing the jar files ultimately along with pom (writing dependencies) 
	mvn install at runtime gets all specified pom in a tree from offline .m2 directory and place them on classpath - how? don't care for now.
	Also only new dependencies are downloaded not all everytime but we have pom containing all kinda range versions.
	Observed that m2 directory has specification for remote repository also.
CS - SonarQube. Automated code review. Sonar Cloud for analytics of code in company drill down. Technical debt - easy to market but maintenability.
	sonarlint plugins, integration to jenkins, maven, ant, gradle. Unit testing.
	Duplicate, code coverage, code complexity, FOSS in n languages.
CS - Spring is developing Model layer objects using beans - bean being specification of an object. Useful for unit testing.
	Springboot being equivalent of jersey - controller standardizations. Also do away with web server.
CS - Javascript, lerna gave help in the multimodule project the dependencies outside of all the modules are used to have common dependencies declared.
	Eg - Financial DU had only dependencies from 2 other modules added to node_modules - s4hanaone-foundations and s4hanaone-common ?"to be added to its classpath".
	But at runtime we will also need x4 libraries in financials where are they coming from? They are coming from central dependencies declared in the package.json
	once npm install is done at project root, we can isolate our module and start working on it.
	Think of it this way all the dependencies of parent project automatically seep into the dependent jar or war making.
	A comment in parent project helps - These deps are inherited only by the modules that declare them.
CS - Maven - dependency:resolve (copy-dependency), mvn dependency:tree, clean, compile, test, package, install, deploy.
CS - Scala Compiler plugin to compile it and then it is not any different from java class.
CS - Method Reference vs bracket nesting.
	Optional, OrElse
	https://www.javatpoint.com/java-8-optional
CS - LIB - Chaudhary, Ajay, It's certainly a better approach since credentials for all the connectors (the ones in consideration and those in future) can differ slightly.
	Although my connector construction is not complex, still a builder approach will be a more flexible alternative (considering its extensibility in future). Will make this change.
	But I have 1 concern here. My runtime properties file will become useless in that case.
		My envisioned plan was configure the file with all the checks we are interested in - like say for a run I want to test only redis and hana - nothing more.
		Then my program should support that. With that end in the mind, factory pattern seemed to be the best alternative.
		But if we have to necessarily perform all the checks without runtime configuration, then builder seems a better option to me.
		I am personally more inclined towards a configurable option.
	Builder is a set of recipe methods for custom construction. Factory is switching to 1 of n constructions.
CS - Access based login - we have sent you pin on your gmail - enter verification code.
CS - Generally RuntimeExceptions are exceptions that can be prevented programmatically
CS - 
	Language Basic - OO capability, functional, Pointers, etc.
	Language Libraries - Console, Sockets, GUI; etc.
	Types of Apps - Extensions, Console apps, libraries, Runners, GUI apps (Mobile apps), IOT Apps, web apps, web services, distributed apps.
	Most of them leverage pre-existing libraries, frameworks and platforms for making scaled apps.
	Business Problem Domains - ?Enterprise (could it be a different type of application), scientific, gaming, big data.
CS
	JVM = Java Interpreter + Threading + Garbage Collection, etc.
		envt to execute .class file
	JRE = JVM + Libraries (rt.jar, files for IO, Net, AWT, etc)
	JDK = JRE + DevTools (javac, java, etc)
CS - Cloud Foundry - org
	space
		hosted app route - app instance, processes and status.
			task
	Cloud Foundry provides a highly efficient, modern model for cloud native application delivery on top of Kubernetes.
CS
	https://www.logicbig.com/tutorials/spring-framework/spring-boot/random-properties.html
	https://www.baeldung.com/properties-with-spring
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15688677/injecting-java-util-random-on-a-constructor
CS - IQ - Quality includes functional and non functional aspects like security, performance, load handling, benchmarking, exception handling, etc. Innovation and patents even in here.
CS - Why use mac? How to best use mac.
CS - JMeter error on boot layer during activation.
	Check java --version - it was not 8 so removed following files from system path variables.
	C:\ProgramData\Oracle\Java\javapath
	C:\Program Files (x86)\Common Files\Oracle\Java\javapath
	cmd.exe needs to be restarted or re-sourced in order for changes to reflect.
CS - JAVA project with scala libraries is 1 thing - plugins will make repl accessible and help compile the scala files. But it remains a java project.
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21208778/sbt-and-external-libraries-in-intellij
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59481878/unable-to-start-kafka-with-zookeeper-kafka-common-inconsistentclusteridexceptio
	remove all logs and restart.
CS - Maven Scala plugin will be able to compile the files but won't be able to run from IDE cuz scala is not even known to the IDE without plugin.
CS - Spark master connection
	import com.datastax.spark.connector._
	val sparkMasterHost = "127.0.0.1"
	val cassandraHost = "127.0.0.1"
	val keyspace = "test"
	val table = "words"
	// Tell Spark the address of one Cassandra node:
	val conf = new SparkConf(true).set("spark.cassandra.connection.host", cassandraHost)
	// Connect to the Spark cluster:
	val sc = new SparkContext("spark://" + sparkMasterHost + ":7077", "example", conf)
	// Read the table and print its contents:
	val rdd = sc.cassandraTable(keyspace, table)
CS - https://repo1.maven.org/maven2
	converted from http to https from january.
	setting.xml in m2 if you have local repository to take everything from else if both (maven and one under user) present then merged and settings.xml takes precedence.
	renamed from settings.xml to settings1.xml for now
CS - Kafka - Leader not available - add following to server.config file
	port = 9092
	advertised.host.name = localhost
	listeners=PLAINTEXT://localhost:9092
	and restart kafka server.
CS - Kafka - --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 not working
	create using zookeeper option - it's a new feature in kafka which many have faced problem with.
CS - Kafka Spark integration
	https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/streaming-kafka-0-10-integration.html
CS - Architecture is how you use set of tools (permutations) to satisfy a function which serves user (functionality promised - SRS)
	completness, robustness, performance, etc are the concerns.
	archs talks are just explaining this permutation and combination only. Questions should be alternatives, correctness, completeness, etc.
	hear some seminar talks to understand how archs discussions looklike.
	wiki for ref completely.
	these concrete arch or concrete code walkthrough -> are nothing but PnC of abstract to serve the higher layer.
	Eg - use runner concept, thread concept language features to serve the concrete arch goal. so abstract mapped to concrete arch.
	similarly abstract archs mapped to functional goal is concrete arch.
	It needs concentration (or curiosity) to listen and thorough abstract knowledge to listen properly and structure the streamed information.
	social service is which layer? sp. Healthify app is which layer? A for physical space.
	Networking layers to get best outta KT - physical (data rate), IPs, Socket or ports, application layer.
	checkpointing of KT (sections that are clear and where the questions are needed)
	Every seminar presentation rather is a tree to be conveyed mostly or DAG of code but tree (DFD levels) mostly - where are we in the tree of KT so ppt rocks.
	From professional perspective we gotta master our layer's abstract (tools mastery) and concrete goals to be met (docs, wiki, git)
	To ensure mastery on a tool and concrete vision give a reverse KT at least to a camera.
CS
	GIT SSH - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35942754/how-to-save-username-and-password-in-git
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21615431/git-pushes-with-wrong-user-from-terminal
CS - Kafka
	Intro
		Message system - producers message broker and consumers.
			see the mess with n and m target and source systems. @wire mess.
			vs adapter.
			fault tolerant.
			Store in kafka message logs.
CS - GITHub first push and OAuth 2.0 gets triggered with permissions asked for git configuration manager to access your repo's contents. You grant and it goes fine.
CS - Learning Material as follows from different courses - Big Data - Github of learningjournal.
	FP - Haskell exercises - Data analysis and Programming.
	Apache-Kafka-For-Absolute-Beginners/   HadoopTutorials/             'PySpark Exercises LJ'/   Spark-Programming-In-Python/   Spark-Streaming-In-Python/
	ApacheKafkaTutorials/                  Kafka-Streams-Master-Class/   ScalaTutorials/          SparkProgrammingInScala/       Spark-Streaming-In-Scala/
	Angular/                                Ex_Files_Android_Studio_EssT.zip          Ex_Files_Deep_Learning_OpenCV.zip   Ex_Files_Pandas_EssT.zip                               REACT/
	'Data Visualization'/                    Ex_Files_ASPNET_CoreMVC_Upd.zip           Ex_Files_JQuery_WebDes.zip          Ex_Files_Python_Data_Science_EssT.zip
	Ex_Files_32_Ways_Make_Extra_Money.zip   Ex_Files_Building_React_Django_Apps.zip   Ex_Files_Learn_Java_Swing.zip       Ex_Files_React_js_EssT.zip
	Ex_Files_Accelerating_TensorFlow.zip    Ex_Files_Deep_Learning_OpenCV/            Ex_Files_Linux_Security_EssT.zip    Glossary_Data_Driven_Network_Security_Essentials.zip
	Casual/   Express/   GITHUB/  'Interesting Snippets'/   JS/   JS_World_Workspace/   NodeJS/  'NodeJS SAP Training'/   npmTrials/   TensorflowJS/   TP/   TS/
	OpenSAP - Suse, Excel, Being Visual, etc.
CS - Sometimes browser is configured with proxy.pac file to act as proxy server from the machine.
	when many proxy servers exist and based on the hostname used in browser the proxy server should be decided.
	A sample statement in such file looks like follows - if ( shExpMatch(host, "office365.com") ) { return "PROXY 194.138.0.25:9400;PROXY 194.138.0.26:9400"; }
CS - Why use maven modules - 
	Monoliths with tiers vs
	Microservices - separate apps with needed talking with each other. Parition your big app. Even UI becomes a microservice.
		vs DAG of dependencies from devp space - not outside like MVN - different modules - eg - x4, BAF, Foundation used by all the functional modules simultaneously - if this was the case of parallel functional devp then foundation could be a separate dependency to be used thru maven but we want simultaneous devp so using it.
			Think of this as single dependency of your project which doesn't need to be a separate project until there are many consumers for that jar.
			let's call maven modules as project dependencies only but restricted to the scope of the project.
		vs package - package is within a single focussed app - unique purpose served thru a set of packages.
CS - CentOS launch another shell thru another tab OR use background jobs.
CS - Set maven's JAVA_HOME to anything higher than the release you wanna use and it will happily do it but not vv.
	Scala plugin is both mvn and IDE requirement - former to compile and latter to make it run
	set JAVA_HOME for the session in which you want to use a certain alternative.
CS - Using logger in spark app - spark/conf spark-default.conf file write the following line
	spark.driver.extraJavaOptions	   -Dlog4j.configuration=file:log4j.properties -Dspark.yarn.app.container.log.dir=app-logs -Dlogfile.name=hello-spark
	spark app only needs hadoop windutils in its path - not SPARK_HOME but the path for latter can help in other places but not in standalone  problem.
	spark per hadoop version number, pyspark version and spark version should match (similarly scala version and spark against scala version should match. download package - pyspark for IDE - similarly scala for Intellij.
	SparkSession is the driver not your main program. Note cmd line shell.
	Anaconda - python distribution, Spyder and Jupyter all come with it. Pycharm is favorable IDE.
	Just bookmarks - IDEs also have config saved in a file and later export it for new machine or installation.
CS - Spark run - only hadoop home, run spark code on a lang (platform, IDE, run config, env variables)
	pycharm = IntelliJ but project setting from interpreter settings on status bar.
	Notebook = spyder but also remember the state in former and code look in the latter.
	installing pyspark in python sdk = installing spark dependency using mvn or sbt in scala envt. compatible version thru prefix or suffix.
CS - ?1 zookeeper server instance is what is used by all kinds of servers to interact with each other and have pulse checks.
	?REL - 2 kafka servers or brokers get started with 1 zookeeper as their pivot - it is possible that they are clients of zookeeper server. They form a cluster cuz they are connected thru zookeeper.
	?Cluster means ability to talk with each and assign work or tasks and get results back. Every node just needs IP address of the other but the health of nodes is not assured so zookeeper maintains clusters health status.
CS - App Software Layers look like
	Extensions or addons or plugins
	Software
	Libraries (clients or utils - most of the times)
CS - Tenant is a logical separation. BYD codeline goes thru different systems for testing and all and eventually deployed to n systems in the cloud.
	Every system is high on resources and 1 customer can't use that alone so a set of customers use it simultaneously and logical separation is done by app server to ensure no data mixing. Eg - Mandt field in a table.
	Typically 1 tenant = 1 customer but 1 tenant can be used for n companies doing intercompany Purchase orders. n tenants by 1 customer is also possible for heavy customers like hilti. They have n tenants for m locations.
	BYD didn't have systems more than 27K - cuz 3 character string to uniquely identify a system. And 3 digit tenant so not more than 1000 tenants per system.
	all our spaces are equivalent to BYD systems in the landscape. For practical purposes, think of space as a system or a machine.
	cloud foundry server is a great development for automating deployment - following along kubernetes server and docker servers.
	EU10 system, aws canary system, etc. So, looks like SIOT has 1 live system and n tenants.
		once Ajay also said that he would figure a way to bypass the jenkins pipeline to merge hotfix codeline with the live landscape.
		even if there are n systems - it doesn't matter.
		Also, we don't have conception of system specific hotfix or emergency patches so there you have it - it is generic codeline. Even BYD had hotfix for all systems and EP VP for specific systems.
		we have unique url for live eu10 system - this means unique system to deploy the app.
	Here we have SaaS - so different tenants standardized for PaaS procurement hidden from SaaS user.
		different csv for jmeter - different canary url of different tenants for iot gateway to write into raw topic from raspberry pi or so to kafka raw thru provided endpoint.
		iots master and mapping - either iotg, iots or iotae - tenant is never identified as an attribute 
			the unique url for gateway uniquely identifies the underlying tenant.
			only the values are supposed to respect tenants as substr in the string for iots and iotae. Even if not, the mappings and assignments already are enough to uniquely identify a tenant.
			kafka topics are tenant specific in verbose. Spark jobs are [a set of] tenant specific - in mapping.
	So, for performance run on staging machine or space - we gotta change the gateway url in iots. gotta change the tenant id for staging to write for raw and processed topic.
		we need a running spark job in cluster against the space - listening to that tenant.
		jwt page helped figure out the tenant guid for a tenant in staging so that's the one to be used.
CS - export JAVA_HOME=$(/usr/libexec/java_home -v 1.8)
    After checking all alternatives at /usr/libexec/java_home - java 8 installed thru wizard. 15 thru IntelliJ extension.
        java 15 - 15 shows up in /Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachine/sapmachine-15.0.1
        java 8 - after installation it shows up in /usr/local.
        java 11 - brew install - shows up in /usr/local/Cellar/openjdk@11
            homebrew also in here.
CS - curl -x http://localhost:8888 http://localhost/higs/PlatformHIGServlet
CS - kafka server is scala version specific so consumer gotta be coming from that version.
CS Backlog - sume
    kafka prducer good code but idea run - main method but no run option.
    kafka registry 8081 - not yet done - second last in the kafka beginner.
    consumer vocabulary should be strong - course notes and revise.
    Spark Remaining - Logs, Spark avro jar, notebook - 2, 10, windowing, broadcast joins.
CS - lsof -t -i :9092 - which process using the port and kill that process.
CS - Mac
    Always Allow access to Chrome
    Apple is the corporation that makes the Macintosh (Mac) line of computers. Mac is a product name, like iPhone, XPS, or Corvette. Apple makes both the iPhone line of products and the Macintosh line of products.
    It is available for Corporate as well as some cloud production areas (SAP Ariba, SAP Concur, etc.).
CS - Office 365 for Mac suite includes Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, OneDrive, and Teams.
CS
    .bash_profile is executed for login shells, while .bashrc is executed for interactive non-login shells.
    When you login (type username and password) via console, either sitting at the machine, or remotely via ssh: .bash_profile is executed to configure your shell before the initial command prompt.
    But, if youve already logged into your machine and open a new terminal window (xterm) then .bashrc is executed before the window command prompt. .bashrc is also run when you start a new bash instance by typing /bin/bash in a terminal.
    On OS X, Terminal by default runs a login shell every time, so this is a little different to most other systems, but you can configure that in the preferences.
CS - Intellij
	About, updates, preference
	hide, quit.
	File - New open Recent close
		save, reload, cache.
		Project structure, file properties
		IDE, New Project Settings
		Export, Powersave mode.
	Help - 
	Window
		Projects - New open VCS.
		Customize - theme, accessibility, keymap.
		Plugins
		Learn
		Settings - About, Edit custom properties, custom VM props,
			check for updates, collect logs.
CS - for new kafka broker, new id, port and different log directory.
CS - Run a shell script - if executable then only the path to the file, if not, then sh file_name or bash file_name.
CS - if findspark not able to locate SPARK_HOME in env, then use findspark.init('C:/..path/..spark') in the program.
CS - can have git installed thru brew, or using GIT SCM client (which will ask for OAuth access), GITHub Desktop client again OAuth2.
    GITHub future clients access thru not password but 2-way authentication, SSH generated token access, OAuth, etc only.
    $ sudo chown -R $(whoami) $(brew --prefix)/*
    https://spark.apache.org/docs/2.2.0/structured-streaming-kafka-integration.html
    https://www.cdata.com/drivers/saphana/download/jdbc/
    https://databricks.com/blog/2014/07/01/integrating-spark-and-hana.html
    https://blogs.saphana.com/2014/07/01/apache-spark-integration-with-sap-hana/
    https://github.com/nagarajjayakumar/hana-spark-connector/tree/master/src/test/scala/com/hortonworks/faas/spark/connector/hana
    https://www.cdata.com/kb/tech/saphana-jdbc-apache-spark.rst
    https://help.sap.com/viewer/6437091bdb1145d9be06aeec79f06363/2.0.3.1/en-US
    https://help.sap.com/viewer/6b94445c94ae495c83a19646e7c3fd56/2.0.01/en-US/6c8e0921d79e4e03a9175749bb16c372.html
    https://account.int.sap.eu2.hana.ondemand.com/cockpit#/globalaccount/423e5e64-1b67-474b-87ae-8c84070cdcaa/subaccount/041523f4-09fc-4aa2-bd44-9ba91746305b/details
    https://account.int.sap.eu2.hana.ondemand.com/cockpit#/globalaccount/423e5e64-1b67-474b-87ae-8c84070cdcaa/subaccount/041523f4-09fc-4aa2-bd44-9ba91746305b/details
    https://github.com/tmcgrath/spark-scala/blob/master/kafka-streaming/
        includes cassandra sink.
    spark redis also later.
    https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32582730/how-do-i-stop-a-spark-streaming-job
    nc -l localhost 8888
    https://docs.databricks.com/data/data-sources/redis.html
    spark thrift server and  beeline jdbc connect - programming API client?
    https://www.programcreek.com/scala/org.apache.spark.streaming.kafka.KafkaUtils
    Kafka streaming in the GIT World directory - also has cql access.
CS - DStream works with RDD so avoided. pip install python spark kafka being external so using spark submit only.
    Standard documentation procedure and from udemy course works well - prefer directly in scala.
CS - Mac - clicks on dock icons - shows different windows - full screeen means different desktop, full inside same desktop thru window double click
    Minimized means inactive, out of sight but passive, active, closed but daemon, quitted.
    switch spaces thru 3 fingers of ctrl+left arrow.
    window and control of windows are merged into command key and ctrl is just kept for extra. Option is similar to alt.
    ctrl+tab or ctrl+shift+tab or ctrl+` or ctrl+shift+` and also ctrl+` after ctrl+tab - read command in all these.
CS - Macbook, pro and air - pro is considered the best with most configuration.
    Intro - Air is best for most. Pro 13 is Most speed for $, Pro 13 Premium is best for multitasking and Pro 16 inch is best for power users.
    Comparisons
        touchbar only in pro.
        2 TB for pro; Storage 4 TB for pro 13 premium; 10 for 16 Pro.
        Battery life is best or pro 13 16 hrs that is and 11 for pro 16.
        pro 16 is heaviest.
        Graphics M1 for air and pro 13. Intel for pro 13 premium and AMD Radeon Pro for pro 16.
        All thunderbolt ports - 2 for air and pro13. 4 for pro premium and pro 16.
        RAM 16 GB for air and pro13. 32 for pro premium and 64 for pro16.
        CPU M1 for and pro13. i7 10th Gen for pro premium and i7 9th Gen 2.6 GHz for pro16.
        air and pro13 are almost same with pro13 costs more (1K to 1.3K) - battery and weight difference.
        Magic Keyboard from air better than butterfly keyboard.
    Analytics
        Summary - Air is best for most. Pro 13 is Most speed for $, Pro 13 Premium is best for multitasking and Pro 16 inch is best for power users.
        pro13 premium adds on configuration for all the pro13 with 1.8K.
        pro16 adds on configs of pro13 premium and better battery with more weight and screen size.
CS - Swagger API - UXD of developers - such an excellence.
    Documentation for customers. for coders - GIT and wiki for archs.
CS - GIT Rewrite history
    git commit --amend
    git rebase -i HEAD~3
    Editor
        pick f7f3f6d Pass thru this commit with this log message
        drop g334133 Remove this commit
        edit g8f3f6e Change to be made here - //can split into mutliple commits thru git commit
        pick 310154e Update README formatting and add blame
        squash 420154f Add comment to the log and merge.
    git commit --amend
    git rebase --continue
    https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Rewriting-History -
        # p, pick <commit> = use commit
        # r, reword <commit> = use commit, but edit the commit message
        # e, edit <commit> = use commit, but stop for amending
        # s, squash <commit> = use commit, but meld into previous commit
        # f, fixup <commit> = like "squash", but discard this commit's log message
        # x, exec <command> = run command (the rest of the line) using shell
        # b, break = stop here (continue rebase later with 'git rebase --continue')
        # d, drop <commit> = remove commit
        # l, label <label> = label current HEAD with a name
        # t, reset <label> = reset HEAD to a label
        # m, merge [-C <commit> | -c <commit>] <label> [# <oneline>]
        # .       create a merge commit using the original merge commit's
        # .       message (or the oneline, if no original merge commit was
        # .       specified). Use -c <commit> to reword the commit message.
        #
        # These lines can be re-ordered; they are executed from top to bottom.
        #
        # If you remove a line here THAT COMMIT WILL BE LOST.
        #
        # However, if you remove everything, the rebase will be aborted.
        #
        # Note that empty commits are commented out
CS
    VIM dmpm - yy and p, etc.
        https://vim.fandom.com/wiki/Moving_around
        https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1373841/vim-deleting-backward-tricks - d2e or d3b, diw; d0, d^ or d$.
    GIT DMPM - gitignore - **/foo/bar - only once allowed
    MVN DMPM - Parent POM - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8026447/what-does-the-parent-tag-in-maven-pom-represent
        Maven java compiler plugin
         <properties>
            <maven.compiler.target>1.7</maven.compiler.target>
            <maven.compiler.source>1.7</maven.compiler.source>
        </properties>
        OR
        <build>
            <plugins>
                <plugin>
                    <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
                    <artifactId>maven-compiler-plugin</artifactId>
                    <version>3.6.1</version>
                    <configuration>
                        <source>1.8</source>
                        <target>1.8</target>
                    </configuration>
                </plugin>
            </plugins>
        </build>
    Shell DMPM - chown, chmod a+r myfile
        https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/179954/username-is-not-in-the-sudoers-file-this-incident-will-be-reported
        Use Privilege icon for admin rights - add to sudoer file if you can edit it - su root and then change permissions on file and edit - adduser username sudo
        access_token=$(command) //substitution - it's plain assignment without it.
CS - How CS things have grown over the years. This growth is somewhat natural flow of development also
    Time Traversal of CS growth over the years
        Hardware Time,
        Assembly / Language Time,
        OS Time,
        System Apps (compilers, editors, IDE) and Utilities (Word, excel, access or sql) Time,
        Applications Time,
        Networking Apps Time (EaaS movement) - With Tiers specialization
        Analytics Time
    See, how things  have grown over time - not that the previous ones see no development
        they do see it like OS on mobile, Hardware upgrades, SDN, Big Data Tools, microservices, etc.
        Emergence of new tech at any layers has brought about cascading changes below it - it is not layered exactly cuz it influences others as well.
        Innovation has always seen the problems faced by people and how to make it easier for others.
    SaaS - Business Specific (B2B), Consumers Specific (B2C) - all are technically the same thing but domain wise different - so different schema and and different management around the storage.
        Just different DM PM and technical differentiation based on details like nosql fits better than rdbms, etc.
        So for some it can be IOT Domain and due to its size it become big data problem and big data tools start to show up.
        making it schema agnostic is a powerful thing to do to cater to n customers.
CS - Auto-detect tabs in code styles to off. Tabs XML to tab size and indent set.
CS - Regex - \n([\s]+).+\n\1 - \1 to detect the duplicate of previous pattern.
    https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1573361/how-do-i-find-and-remove-duplicate-lines-from-a-file-using-regular-expressions
    For Cleaning My XML - gotta better this expression - \n([\s{4}]+)(\w+\n\1(\s{4}){2})
    .* includes nothing and even spaces.
CS - Apple Mac - SSO cert but not F5 - always allow; admin rights thru software;
    32 bit android connection not allowed from phone - you know the name so download it. Developer mode - USB debugging, USB open.
    DMPM of Mac. Book - DOET from POET. Design of everyday thinking from process of every day thinking.
CS
    https://dzone.com/articles/kafka-gt-hdfss3-batch-ingestion-through-spark - kafka batch reading.
    set delete.topic.enable to true in config/server.properties
    zookeeper and kafka servers in the background - nohup - but better don't do it cuz these are servers with logs.
    get count in spark faster - df.cache(); df.count()
    Apply function in a class in scala
        https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9737352/what-is-the-apply-function-in-scala#:~:text=apply%20serves%20the%20purpose%20of,Function1%5BInt%2CInt%5D%20.&text=Writing%20f.
CS - can't find sca-maven-plugin or fortify one - java 8 - 1 of maven modules had problem - removed it to make maven sync well.
CS - RnD Thinking - Layers 
    About - Human being is network of and pipelines of the following.
        The idea of distribution or networking (peers and servers) drills down to all the layers.
    [Digitized ]Data Interactions - Producers and Consumers - People, Browsers, Scraping programs, IOT Sensors and Actuators.
        @Senses - read, write, act.
        TOC, Regex, Compilers, NLP, DIP, etc.
    Data Source and Data Sink - Application and Data Servers.
        @Mind - store, recall.
        Standardization - G3 -> G4 languages - SQL doesn't find a way but exploits a standardized way - "what" to standardized "how".
        minor transformations. recall based mostly.
    Data Manipulation and churning - sync or async.
        @Intel - decision making algorithm to get to a desired goal.
        synchronous at runtime (small data), async batch, streaming.
        Standardization - G5 Languages (model -> (initial to end state))
            AI, ML, Give only the model of the problem and current state and end state - it will find the way etc.
            Many of DL applications tend to move to higher layers not this layer exactly (in terms of application and not means)
                Eg - image to details. Sentence to nouns and verbs. Audio to text and vv.
    Identity (max Soul Simulation) - give it layers and need to maximize profit cost functions - leave it free to act in a new modelled reality or system.
        Knowledge about a system and means about a system - Knowledge model given and left free to act - independent or distributed.
        PC lacks life injected into existence layers - like decision but not choice, store recall but not think or feel, etc.
        ML is done by professionals and is not an automated process. 
        When computer does the training process or performs reinforcement learning, that is different.
        Think of a robot given an urge for survival, greed for grats (simulated), social framework based maximized grats.
            Next, think how robot should figure out the the set of problems to further the markov's hierarchical needs.
            Also, given the set of problems, the robot should 
                figure out a set of candidate algorithms to target 
                select the best one
                an ability to adapt at runtime
                all this in collaboration with the changing and well networked environment.
        Now, most of the research focusses on PnC of everything - applied everywhere and standardized in biz interests.
            inter-discipline study for inspiration and mutual applications. Eg - ML was application of statistics to CS.
            Application of something to other domains. Eg - NLP or Image Recognition is application of ML to linguistics or photography.
            Exploration of possibilities - where we are as State of art is and what all is possible - juice it out fully.
CS - IDEA - There should teams chat topic for every backlog which 1 can join or leave anytime.
CS - https://www.linkedin.com/learning/spark-for-machine-learning-ai/introduction-to-spark?u=57692769
CS - mvnrepository.com aggregates from many sources - not just maven central.
    there would be note below.
    Checkout all the repos that mvnrepository indexes from.
    maven dependencies in the windows were red marked cuz their dependencies could not be downloaded so included the repo of sap.
CS - Scala plugin configuration
    <plugin>
        <!-- see http://davidb.github.com/scala-maven-plugin -->
        <groupId>net.alchim31.maven</groupId>
        <artifactId>scala-maven-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>3.2.0</version>
        <executions>
            <execution>
                <goals>
                    <goal>compile</goal>
                    <goal>testCompile</goal>
                </goals>
                <configuration>
                    <sourceDir>src/main/scala</sourceDir>
                </configuration>
            </execution>
        </executions>
    </plugin>
CS - Personal Spark Notes - What is PiEstimation Program - PI*r^2 / r^2 - what proportion of random points generated in a square lie inside the circle.
    Think about it - what is the approach of talk in data frame
    this way spark wants its consumers to just talk in terms of current and final state of MR data I/O and it will figure out Map and reduce functions
        basically, standardization not requiring rigorous maths
    MR works as KV input coming as trivial key (rowNum JLT) and rows as values - you give transformations as you like.
        CSV connectors and others are nothing but standardized programs for converting initial KV of (rowNum,lines) into (rowNum, data tuple)
        Think of a simple table operation like filter or select
            how would that translate into MR operation of KV pairs.
            iterate over rows and extract the portion to determine qualification.
            If select also a part of it - then transform the tuple as per columns desired.
        How would group by and having translate - parse group by column and get hash and keep putting them in buckets (= shuffle) and reduce operation on theose buckets as per aggregation. Having is nothing but filter on those aggregations.
            so group by columns will be keys and aggregates waale columns will be values. Shuffle on them and reduce as per aggregations.
    Thus for all practical purposes, the data model and process model which spark wants us to think in terms of - is simplified. It's same old table, row, columns with different names and operations - df, ds, etc.
CS - Spark - Bad symbolic reference to spark in library class - cuz library not included - not required for my code but is required by the libraries.
    same thing applies to all spark connectors - My code doesn't need it but with your configurations, spark code will need it.
    error goes away.
CS - Spark - config signature doesn't match.
    not even required cuz we request spark submit endpoint to run the app - spark endpoint program will invoke our specific app mainclass using the override method is configured to invoke so no problems.
CS - Kibana Logs
    Discover - filter, select.
    Visualize - create visualizations over jobs.
    Dashboard - Organize your visualizations.
    Management
CS - IDEA - conceive of ideal logging.
    with all different log levels - think of ability to collapse the logs into hierarchical buckets.
    assuming that hierarchy is respected and logging is ideal - it should take less than 1 minute to solve it.
CS - Spark cluster thru CF comes with
    credentials
    service url - REST endpoints.
    UI Proxy - spark management.
    logs - kibana logs and dashboards.
    history proxy - past jobs.
CS - Google : cloud foundry remote debug intellij
    debug set to true in env.
        env: JBP_CONFIG_DEBUG: '{enabled: true}'
        cf set-env app1 JBP_CONFIG_DEBUG '{ enabled: true, port: 8000, suspend: true }'
    cf enable-ssh app1
    cf ssh-enabled app1
    cf restage app1
    cf ssh -N -T -L 8000:localhost:8000 app1
    Add remote configuration
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/318239/how-do-i-set-environment-variables-from-java
CS - Mac Default Apps
    Facetime
    Messages
    Photos
    Contacts
    Calendar
    Reminders
    Numbers
    Keynotes
    Pages
    AppStore
    System Preferences
    Self Service
    Apple@SAP
    Privileges
    MS Office - Excel, Word, PPT, OneNote.
CS - Dock or Taskbar Organized
    System utils - Finder, Launchpad.
    Browsers - including postman.
    Editors - IntelliJ, Notes.
    Fun Apps - Facetime, Self Service, etc.
    Other Apps on demand like terminal, media players.
CS - Mac or any OS launch an App - 4 ways - launch pad, shortcuts - taskbar, search - spotlight search, file associations.
CS - Maven
    scalac: error: scala.reflect.internal.MissingRequirementError: object java.lang.Object in compiler mirror not found.
        java version compatibility.
    java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: org/apache/spark/sql/SparkSession
        The problem was the pom dependency was scoped provided and not compile and hence was not being supplied during this phase.
CS - Maven - Failed to execute goal net.alchim31.maven:scala-maven-plugin:3.2.0:compile (default) on project
    Check 2 tabs up - there are compilation errors in the code.
CS - We don't write version for Spring starter in pom cuz version must already be coming from the parent pom (spring parent)
CS - Maven - use dependency:analyse to find dependency related updates required in the pom file.
CS - REST webclient
    username = "username"
    password = "password"
    url = "http://route.com/resource"
    Client client = ClientBuilder.newBuilder().build();
    HttpAuthenticationFeature feature = HttpAuthenticationFeature.basic(username, password);
    client.register(feature);
    WebTarget target = client.target(url);
    MultivaluedMap<String, Object> headers = new MultivaluedHashMap();
    headers.add("Content-Type", "application/json");
    JSONObject input = new JSONObject();
    input.put("field", "value");
    JSONObject jsonParams = new JSONObject();
    jsonParams.put("anotherField", "anotherValue");
    input.put("parameters", jsonParams);
    Response response = target.request().headers(headers).post(Entity.entity(input.toString(), "application/json"));
    response.bufferEntity();
    int httpcode = response.getStatus();
    System.out.println("HTTP Code = " + httpcode + " " + response.getStringHeaders());
CS
    If you don't use @Lazy, the framework creates a singleton bean at the application startup and makes sure that the same instance is autowired and reused in all other dependent beans
    REST Controller is multithreaded - It is not the case that the controller will block all subsequent calls while busy. It is multithreaded.
        REST controller is multithreaded as the DisptcherServlet handles multiple requests from the clients concurrently and serves using the respective controller methods.
        Your controller is a singleton by default and your service is singleton by default too.
        So, to make them thread safe - make sure that the operations that take place inside the service must be thread safe
        Use @transactional annotation in spring or implement it yourself.
        We can test this thru a variable increment - have a class with a variable able to take 3 values.
            Let the returned value increment over every call.
    Thread safe - lots of threads in a process will traverse thru a given object (class instance) methods.
        A class is thread-safe if it behaves correctly when accessed from multiple threads,
        regardless of the scheduling or interleaving of the execution of those threads by the runtime environment,
        and with no additional synchronization or other coordination on the part of the calling code.
    Web App - starts with premise of n threads for n requests
        but nothing shared across threads except singleton objects and static class members - variables and methods of the class.
        All threads have different class instances to run on without a problem - nth shared but when threads work on anything shared - then there are potential problems.
        like shared class members or singleton class or classes with limited instances - then you have the problem of thread safety.
        Think of it this way - lots of threads are coming thru Our controller class. Any state information can easily be wronged.
    Rest controllers don't run 1 after the other - although controller instance is shared - all threads run it simultaneously
        so at any given time we can have n threads running thru the singleton controller.
CS - Arch - make 1 straight forward transactional DFD story and then think alternatives.
CS - Refactoring
    Doesn't matter lines of code (5-15 is a helpful indicator through). method should do one thing and only one thing.
    Indicators that this is not the case -
        More than one level of indention in a method
        Paragraph Breaks - whitespaces between logical statements.
    fit on screen is very good - imagine if you have to gives reasons to a lawyer.
CS - Spark - Exception in thread "main" java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: org/apache/spark/SparkContext
    Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: org.apache.spark.SparkContext
    change scope for spark dependencies from provided to compile
CS - Logger
    logger.info - can't write long along - concatenate with string for proper results.
CS - cf Process not found. Memory not sufficient.
    cf delete-orphaned-routes and open cf apps in new terminal.
    launch front end and delete some stopped services. That won't work.
    Delete some running unnecessary services cuz of quota cf org org_name, cf quota quota_name.
CS - Mac hierarchy - Good UXD.
    Apple icon -> list -> icons -> tabs -> list columns hierarchy -> individual controls / Demo video.
CS - Maven POM - CF 404 - Sometimes even after deployment cf app does not respond and gives 404 not found - although it worked in local. Gotta add following to spring-boot maven plugin.
    <execution>
        <goals>
        <goal>repackage</goal>
        </goals>
    </execution>
    </executions>
CS - we can always pin point the source of where it stops working when we have 1 working piece and another not working piece.
    https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42701394/why-doesnt-offset-get-updated-when-messages-are-consumed-in-kafka
CS - editor.skip.copy.and.cut.for.empty.selection enable in Registry action of Intellij.
    Tools > Options > Text Editor > All Languages > 'Apply Cut or Copy Commands to blank lines when there is no selection'
    VSCode - Setting / Text Editor.
CS - Maven
    Maven Shade Plugin - https://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-shade-plugin/index.html
    Maven Dependency Plugin - https://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-dependency-plugin/
        capability to manipulate artifacts. It can copy and/or unpack artifacts from local or remote repositories to a specified location.
        many goals - tree, copy, copy-dependencies, resolve, etc.
CS - JSON
    new JSONObject(string)
    JSONObject json = (JSONObject) new JSONParser().parse(stringToParse);
CS - you can install cf thru brew, cf binaries, windows installer, etc.
CS - JSON
    org.json - simple and powerful to use. amongst the worst json libraries some say.
    gson - great JSON serialisation and vv.
        GSON does not support dynamic filtering of fields on levels other than root
    jackson - clear winner
    json-simple and oracle's jsonp perform terribly
    quick-json parser - good reviews.
    Use minimal-json
CS - Postman - duplicate not working - gotta save the request b4 duplicating.
CS - scalac: Scala compiler JARs not found (module 'whatever') - invalidate cache and restart from IDE.
    OR you can remove and reindex all the dependencies again.
    OR go to Project Properties and Look at problems - fix option there - instead of changing root, I changed the scala dependency version.
CS - greyed out breakpoint in intelliJ - not getting hit - cuz you muted it thru the icon.
CS - NoSuchMethod - different versions maybe or you have not compiled - it tries to call the method but fails to do that.
CS - gotta master all layers as CS guy.
    Hello World
    React is mastering presentation layer
    Spring is mastering application layer.
    DSA, etc - all the layers to be mastered - persistence layer included and utilities as well in that.
CS - java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: org/codehaus/janino/InternalCompilerException
    Solution - add codehaus dependency -
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.codehaus.janino</groupId>
            <artifactId>janino</artifactId>
            <version>3.0.8</version>
        </dependency>
CS - another way of Spark JDBC
    val hanaConnectionProp = new Properties()
    hanaConnectionProp.setProperty("user", "SBSS_43188545002462655168262054253591143797706101676732846923103770758")
    hanaConnectionProp.setProperty("password","Aa_53607719440088786596610323383080489041734805533982051582196853347")
    hanaConnectionProp.setProperty("driver", "com.sap.db.jdbc.Driver")
    val sqlContext:SQLContext = new SQLContext(sparkSession.sparkContext)
    val hanaMappingViewDF = sqlContext.read
      .jdbc(
        remoteUrl,
        """tables""",
        hanaConnectionProp
      )
CS - Wiki page
    State of the art - specifications and arch refs.
        can give UML if necessary.
    Requirement 
        Epic Discussion - Customer needs
        Concrete SRS - How we intend to meet the needs. Endpoints descriptions, STD - State Transition Diagrams.
    Architectural 
        Alternatives - discussions with pros and cons.
        Finalized one and why
        Details that follow - tables needed, etc.
        Additional resources needed - new endpoints to be created.
CS - Mac - Developer not identified - Go to System Preference and System Security - allow anyway.
CS - why some files called as .gitignore or or .log - cuz they are singleton files with that extension and not intended to have more.
CS - Devcenter - Cassandra - DevCenter Screen frozen - check java version inside package, update plugin folder of app 
    from downloaded 3.108 version in https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:org.eclipse.platform%20AND%20a:org.eclipse.swt.cocoa.macosx.x86_64&core=gav.
CS - Before, test, asserEqual, Fake, Mock, Stub.
    Stub - an object that provides predefined answers to method calls.
    Mock - an object on which you set expectations.
    Fake - an object with limited capabilities (for the purposes of testing), e.g. a fake web service. ...
        But informally, you'll often hear people simply call them mocks.
        working implementations, but not same as production one. Usually they take some shortcut and have simplified version of production code.
CS - In CF All specified services give CF space a handle to talk to the services thru REST and different facades (UI, Logs) etc.
    But CF given their details can also avail the driver program facility to talk thru credentials to the services outside of REST - formal client server relation.
CS - Kafka Streaming and cassandra writing
    val topicsSet = config.getString("kafka.topics").split(",").map(_.trim).toSet
    val consumerProps = ConsumerProps(UUID.randomUUID().toString, config)
    val msgStream = KafkaUtils.createDirectStream[String, String](ssc,
        PreferConsistent, Subscribe[String, String](topicsSet, consumerProps))
    msgStream
      .map(record => record.value().split(",")).map(arr => (arr(0).trim, arr(1).trim))
      .saveToCassandra(keyspaceName, tableName, SomeColumns(firstNameColumn, lastNameColumn))
CS
    Browser requests page.
        server sends public key + cert.
    Verify cert.
    Generate symmetric key and send using public key.
        server decrypts using its private key.
        Web server sends the data using symmetric key.
    Browser decrypts the page with symmetric key and shows.
CS
    C - Consistency means a client should get same view of data at a given point in time irrespective of node it is looked up from.
    A - Availability here means that any given request should receive a response [success/failure].
    P - Partition Tolerance means the system remains operational despite node or other hardware failures, the system is tolerant enough to these kind of failures.
    CAP - Same data view to all clients; Each client can always read and write; system works despite physical failures (network or node)
    Consistency:
    Consistency says , every read receives the most recent write or an error.
    Availability:
    Availability says, every request receives a (non-error) response  without guarantee that it contains the most recent write,
    Partition Tolerance:
    Partition Tolerance says, the system continues to operate despite an arbitrary number of messages being dropped (or delayed) by the network between nodes.
    Distributed systems statisfy any two terms only and not satisfy three terms.
    CP  Consistency/Partition Tolerance
    AP  Availability/Partition Tolerance
    CA  Consistency/Availability
    Eg - Cassandra - always operations but when paritioned, still available for read and write but not consistent - latest write reflected from any node - not necessary but delayed after partition reconnects.
        Read can't guarantee the best or latest but write and read always successful even when partitioned. Good for time series.
    Eg - HBase - always operational but when partitioned, still consistent - any node reading or writing will give latest timestamp but not available - if, need to write to a replica node on different partition - refusal.
        or even reading may fail if data replica on partitioned node. connection failure exception or will it keep trying. Well, it is operational but won't allow an inconsistency. So write fail but read success message.
        When partitioned, On reading you have best or latest result always. On writing, it may refuse after many retries cuz replica node may not be available or approachable.
    Eg - RDBMS - if partition happens, it will just stop working - consistent and available for all operations otherwise. No response from a node - only busy wait.
        When partitioned, it just doesn't function anymore - reading or writing request - not allowed cuz nodes not avaiable - can't write inconsistent data to n-1 replica. For reading, if replica is available then return response else exception.
    Difference between RDBMS and CP systems like Redis and HBase when partition happens.
        RDBMS stop to operate - no longer read and write possible - to some degree it could be possible if approach read and writes - every node must have metadata about other node's data - that's not true.
        Redis - will guarantee best latest read (if any approachable replica), for write if partitioned replica then fail else allow.
        the 3rd one cassandra will allow all read and writes with no guarantee of latest TS ever.
        Using Quorum, some degree of handling parition is possible that's in cassandra.
    Distributed game is play of CP or AP - either make system function with some inconsistency allowed or refuse R/W sometimes with best results always.
        Only CA is not in the game of distributed, that's centralized system.
        Strictly speaking RDBMS is just an implementation which is not made with distributed tolerance in mind.
        MySQL can be CP if configured so.
        RDBMS avoids partition not tolerates or functions despite it - it just removes unapproachable nodes so avoiding it.
    Master slave model for CA systems, Hash ring for AP systems, etc.
    Best answer - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36404765/why-isnt-rdbms-partition-tolerant-in-cap-theorem-and-why-is-it-available
    CP - master slave - if full state replica on all nodes - then Q will get A for reading.
        but write will definitely refuse cuz of partition. Partial state replica and that too not on all nodes then it's more robust.
    AP - Every Q has a A on read but for write, there will be delta getting created.
        follow master re-election or masterless like cassandra.
    CA - Every Q has A but nodes that fail are removed to cope so avoiding the partition here.
        read and writes can go on at the expense of nodes removal. That's with full replica.
        for partial replica, that's not done. Let's say country wise separation of data, then system won't work anymore if say India data unapproachable for the query.
        If full replica, network partition happens - all unapproachable nodes are removed for read and write.
    AP - always available. Keep reading and writing - just with a consistency compromise.
    CP - read from anyone but write will be restricted. More robust if partial replica.
    https://codahale.com/you-cant-sacrifice-partition-tolerance/
        A - For Q, A is guaranteed - no response like "500 bees in my eyes"
        C - 1 state in the distributed system - no ambiguity.
            requests of the distributed shared memory to act as if they were executing on a single node
            standard database replication is not strongly consistent but special logic to handle replication lag.
        partition tolerance, the network will be allowed to lose arbitrarily many messages sent from one node to another
            monolithic Oracle server with no replication can't be partitioned.
            practically speaking - add remote clients and you are on distributed.
        reads work all the times for all CAP but writes there is a difference in stand - allow or not allow.
            assuming writing power with all the nodes - or re-election of master to write in partition else without master, no write possible anyways.
    https://martin.kleppmann.com/2015/05/11/please-stop-calling-databases-cp-or-ap.html
CS - Redis
    brew install redis
    To have launchd start redis now and restart at login:
        brew services start redis
    if you don't want/need a background service you can just run:
        redis-server /usr/local/etc/redis.conf
    redis-server --version
    redis-cli ping
    redis-cli - 127.0.0.1:6379 - 
    brew uninstall redis
    eval "return {KEYS[1],KEYS[2],ARGV[1],ARGV[2]}" 2 key1  key2 first second
CS - Spark 
    exception: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: scala.Product.$init$(Lscala/Product;)V at com.redislabs.provider.redis.RedisEndpoint.<init>(RedisConfig.scala:26) at
    this is cuz of version mismanagement
CS - Trust a souce - CA
    Certificate - take this public key - encrypt and send - message hidden but anybody can send this public key problem. Anybody can obtain the key and write.
    Certificate - take this CA-(A+) - verify but kafka can't cuz it does not know whom to verify with. It has to be just public key. Or perhaps 1 central kafka CA
        so CA-(A+) sent which will be confirmed. And CA-(B+) which will be confirmed but client does not have any B+.
    Simple Authentication and Security Layer
    Browser requests a resource
        Server sends CA-(S+) and S-(M) and M.
    Browser confirms M is sent from Server. Same round trip for client certificate CA-(C+) if that's the requirement.
CS - Diffie Hellman on browser - Any 2 people can start to share a key for communication. Masquerade problem.
    About - ideas to be extended over every SSL connection - HTTPS uses this.
    Browser - Hi.
        Server - P, G.
    Browser - generate random a.
        Server - generate random b.
    Browser - find pga.
        Server - find pgb.
    Browser - send pga.
        Server - send pgb.
    Browser - make pgab = pgb + a.
        Server - make pgab = pga + b.
    Browser - send data encrypted with pgab and eventual decryption over pgab.
        Server - receive and send back data using encryption and decryption over pgab.
CS - Annotations in JAVA - https://www.baeldung.com/java-custom-annotation
CS - could not resolve dependencies - Failure to find org.scala-lang:scala-library:jar:2.11 in
    The dependency direct or transitive assumes the scala runtime environment - either added thru scala extension in intellij or plugin?
    Solution add the dependency with provided in compile time - at runtime - the scala which runs will have all the paths asked for.
    The jar could not be downloaded as 2.11 - it can be downloaded as 2.11.6 however but this is not the version that many dependencies as for.
    They ask for 2.11 only - which is not even available - At runtime, those packages will internally ask for a class on the classpath - since scala is the runtime it will be provided.
CS - Maven shade plugin is more powerful than assembly plugin cuz it permits renaming, filtering, etc.
CS - Maven - Shade Config
    execution phase, goal.
    Alt
        createDependencyReducedPom - removes transitive dependencies which are already in your shaded jar. This prevents consumers from pulling them in twice.
            Makes it behave like normal pom with no automatic transitive dependencies in the jar corresponding to the pom.
        relocation or rename
        filters - filter - artifacts patterns to include; patterns to exclude.
    Solving approach - Big bang and DnC vs induction or Backtracking the problem.
CS - Maven - Compile means include the pom for transitive jars so that during the deployment build we will get it all on classpath. Provided means no need to include pom for download to get its jar.
    jars from here eventually open in the lib folder.
    shade or assembly means includes classes of the transitive jars.
    Think of pom dependency as asking for a branch of jar and not a leaf jar.
CS - Maven - To remove local repo - simple go to m2 directory and delete the contents or another, mvn dependency:purge-local-repository -DreResolve=false
CS - JAVA - Annotations is a very important concept. Frameworks or libraries use reflection classes to read the classes, methods fields with annotations and apply logics accordingly.
    https://www.baeldung.com/java-custom-annotation
CS - Maven and IntelliJ not importing maven - indexing problem.
    -Xmx10068m in the Intellij preferences - maven importing vm - -Xmx10068m
CS - Inner class is like having an assistant. Outer class in the same file - no obvious view to programmer but available just in case. Separate file then - in view of programmer.
CS - Redis connection
    var full_df = sparkSession.read.format("csv")
      .option("sep", "\t")
      .option("inferSchema", true)
      .option("header", true)
      .load("/Users/I341365/Desktop/Lets/spring-boot-multi-module/service/src/main/resources/pantheon.tsv")
    full_df.write.format("org.apache.spark.sql.redis").option("table", "people").option("key.column", "en_curid").save()
    println("Done!!")
    var df = sparkSession.read.format("org.apache.spark.sql.redis").option("table", "people").option("key.column", "en_curid").load()
    df.show(2)
    println("Hope you like it, bro!!")
    //sparkSession.read.format("org.apache.spark.sql.redis").option("table", "people").option("key.column", "en_curid").load()
    //runJob(sparkSession, null, null);
    val sparkConf = new SparkConf().setMaster("local[*]").setAppName("DataIngestion")
    sparkConf.set("spark.streaming.stopGracefullyOnShutdown", "true")
    sparkConf.set("spark.default.parallelism", "2")
    sparkConf.set("spark.driver.host", "localhost")
    val sc = new SparkContext(sparkConf)
    //runJob(sc, ) - no worries cuz submit program is gonna call this class - and it will call runJob.
    sc.stop()
CS -  https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html
CS - From existing sources is used when creating a project from remote repo or local repo - any new addition to our IDE project will reflect in the referred repo.
    even creation from pom file is possible.
IQGrats - Facebook auto-liking I had made but left it.
IQGrats - Subtitles program
	2040 - 1240
	2140 - 1300
	01:24 or 84 (it's not the difference but the rate of flow)
		confirm the difference for 2 statements to verify the difference and you will know.
IQGrats - The selection table has bracket_o to mean "(" and bracket_c to mean ")" and so on - used IF formula of excel to write brackets in first column and copies first few columns for customized view of was the selection clause is - this is smartness - the same formula copied in all empty cells.
IQGrats - once before I used these analytics skills to find out delta between actual and financial copies of documents - these were humungous docs but with excel we can manage it.
	I have used excel for diagrams, for VBA for data cleaning and lots of other stuffs - comparing call stacks to find where transaction scenario misbehaves from normal, etc.
IQGrats - was forced to write my work log in 10 places so created a quick program in swings to log work against items - eth there is 1 task going on and end of day get analytics on it.
	realized that I spend 1 hr just thinking about CS aspects of work called misc. Also the execution trace of my work is visible there so for the day my lapse, my leads, my grats are all recorded.
	I call it MMA - cuz at personal level it is micromanagement analytics.
IQGrats - he makes thorough notes like wiki encyclopedia - that's a sign of soon to be successful person. I used to make in my early days.
	everything on oneNote in my initial days.
	He appreciated the tendency - not person. The next realm foreshadows with some symptoms and qualifications. And this is one of them.
IQGrats - by someone else (Billy) - To understand our questions better, Billy would like us to list out the to be discussed incidents/questions 24 hours before the call. So that they have enough time to prepare. Submit question 24 hrs before - questions after that will be taken up in next call.
IQGrats - the things that I worked on got us prizes - like SIS - scanned invoice staging, SVB Demo - this was showcased on all hands that SME has great scope for growth, etc.
IQGrats - BYD - data readonly so can create only once - 1 test case wants 1 attribute value and another wants it different - solution - create 2 instances with either values and test them separately on them.
IQGrats - Dependency DAG of determinations - you are implementing configuration and classes for a node of that graph so solution - like linked list, ensure that you specify others configuration and boiler plate code and move on - later the implementer will take care of its completeness.
IQGrats - tracing attribs change is easy with small changes on the accessor class file - instead of default super class update - override it with writing logs and use filtering if statement for specific attribute and see it stop there.
	Tracing made possible - now, this is even more appealing than calling individual setter methods on the model class that I once thought to be a good idea.
	public create(data: NodeData.Item[]): Promise<Af.TypedAccess.CreateResult> {
        console.log("Radhe Krishna, Want to see something interesting");
        for (let i = 0; i < data.length; i++)
            if ("TransactionCurrencyAmount" in data[i]) {
                console.log("Tumhara hi intezaar tha, baby!!");
            }
        return super.create(data);
    }
    public update(data: NodeData.Item[], changedAttribute: string[]): Promise<Af.TypedAccess.ModifyResult> {
        console.log("Radhe Krishna, Want to see something interesting" + changedAttribute);
        for (let i = 0; i < changedAttribute.length; i++) {
            if (changedAttribute[i].includes("TransactionCurrencyAmount")) {
                console.log("Tumhara hi intezaar tha, baby!!");
            }
        }
        return super.update(data, changedAttribute);
    }
IQGrats - Took a quiz for potential PM candidates for speed mentoring.
	Here are the Top 30 winners eligible for a Speed Mentoring session with Expert PMs at SAP. Congratulations!!! I was among the toppers.
IQGrats - Excel Addin disturbing every time so tried removing from com add ins buts it was excel add with no option to remove and removed the path to the bydTools.xlam file and it no longer trouble.
IQGrats - 
	variable string to find the execution trace in a program - writing to logs or to application logs or at any goddamn place which has persistence.
	sy-uname at runtime - can't debug from front end but can write to logs (anything with persistence).
	Trick to debug different behaviors between localhost and main test system - you can configure to contact qch 151 from localhost instead of going thru main test system.
IQGrats - From 7 else - Too small fonts for sharing. So let me share only the window on MS Teams.
IQGrats - In my last 7-8 days remaining, was requested from PO to stay back given that new topics have shown up in ML and NodeJS.
	why are these details coming so late - It's like 11th hour of the game. New team members will shoot me unarmed virtually. Could this not come 1-2 months back.
	But yes it is truly fascinating to see dynamic world of BYD - things keep changing very fast; given the changes in BYD ML and new projects on X4 - it's quite interesting.
IQGrats - From team's side
	using nested placeholder variables in postman
	using test script to assign response elements to environent.
IQGrats - LIB - RnD Trace - ability to figure stuffs out; from effects to cause and reasoning
		I have xml for jmeter script so can check things in more details and find and reasoning is possible.
		Netbeans gives powerful xml overview. Thought Fetching JWT Token was perhaps reusable generic piece but it wasn't it was multithreading actually.
IQGrats
	Postman run failing with route not found error. But app already started in cloud foundry!
	cf logs appInstance - process web has crashed. Started otherwise. starting again would say already started so you think it's running but it has crashed in logs.
		a little wait and stacktrace also shows up. The problem was infinite recursive call of getMessage method - used this.getMessage instead of super.getMessage().
	Had to compare 2 json entities - 
		used JSON Query - JMESPath Tutorial - results[*].[name, responseCode.code] 
		json to csv converted to convert to excel and then used cells operations to compare if they matched thru subtraction and they did.
IQGrats - I used snagit Desktop2 to hide the window on taskbar.
IQGrats - Postman not working so compare it with what works - the jmeter scripts. Get hang of terms and compare with what's already known SRM ML on SIV.
IQGrats - Problem solved - Installed sbt, scala thru msi files; added scala extension to intellij.
	The problem was maven or sbt install from outside isn't visible to intellij so need a plugin or extension for the same.
IQGrats
	problem was not enough resource on any worker node
	creating spark job with limited resources and still spark job performance test failed.
		perhaps because of the num_things being 500
		check with Abhishek Jain.
		Practically many problems show up - yes wo to hai.
		na samjh aaye kuch toh take help from Abhishek
	change the tenant to some staging space tenant
		poori config file change hogi
			system-conf property -> cf = ${target_spaces.perf}
			then tenant_id also.
		The job doesn't run in spaces nor does kafka so it doesn't matter. It's all about tenants when it comes to spark and kafka.
		configuration, abstractmodel-xx20.iotae here everything is pointing to perf space
		use endpoint for getting job id for tenant /api/v1/tenants/ingestion-job/<id>
			listed under abstract but migration ke time pe hybrid bolta tha - meaning registered with both the jobs.
    resource crunch ka bhi problem hai 
		next time I will delete the jobs. After clarifying of course.
	Tried changes maven repository resource after nexus local was not connecting cuz of VPN issue - but later continued using that.
IQGrats - Suggested the idea of natural language processing on BCT tickets based on history.
	History we have - which team finally solved the ticket so use that to train a classification model based on NLP.
IQGrats - JAVA_HOME is required for MAVEN else any amount of configuration simply busts it - solution set JAVA_HOME variable for the session of maven run and then get rid of it.
	The same idea can be extended to other tools as well.
IQGrats - Cracked it myself that the real problem was spark library not being uber jar - read it from the documentation and also thru dependencies exploration - removing them 1 by 1 - working vs non-working.
IQGrats - IDEA - Outlook add on or plugin to handle individual mails - perform some ML or NLP to classify the mail to 1 of the boxes.
    Also huge crowd of emails - there is a possibility of doing group by over the mails for an hour and then send a grouped mail.
    non-repudiation - it won't allow us to modify emails but we should have handles for permanent deletion and persisting some information until we send an aggregated mail or write it on some pane.
    https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/tutorials/outlook-tutorial#implement-a-first-run-experience
IQGrats - Cracked - No Sync between dependencies resolved and external dependencies with classes shown by intellij IDE - invalidate cache and restart the IDE solved the problem.
IQGrats - Cracked - Scala lang uses transitive dependency with version specified in the property of your project pom - scala.version should be 2.11.8 and that will be used to download relevant version in transitive dependency.
    I used 2.11 and hence it was trying to search the artifact with version that didn't even exist - they key was using the property.
IQGrats - Lapse - Minimize jar along with specifying all artifacts with few excludes solved the class not available for spark uber jar problem.
    Then hana driver not found cuz no reference except JDBC so wrote exclusive include for the driver in shade plugin.
    Google: maven shade plugin minimizejar
    2 jars => 2 folders - 1 work and another didn't for spark submit and du -hs * | sort for comparing 2 contents on excel along with VLOOKUP.
        found lots of extra undesirable content for 1 so minimizeJar.
IQGrats - Lapse - Searching by exception log in current project the exception could be happening from a dependency of the project - that won't show in the find.
Lapse - Silly Mistake
	Voiding credit memo has no source reference in accounting
	obviously - credit memo ain't posted so no message to accounting about its creation and on voiding, no message about its cancellation.
	don't have to be sorry because of assumption that message sent on released vs on being saved - I didn't know - PO it is sent on being saved so there was knowledge gap.
Lapse IQ - git branch is identified by commits, you creating a new branch and not commiting the changes.
	don't switch environments with checkouts. It will consume huge time.
	git always remember to commit changes - you can always ignore commits later but not committing, your change may get lost.
Lapse - Retrieve not getting called for the child node - what about rba on the bo.
Lapse - why I made lousy statement that single threaded so occupies more memory - well, this helps me reflect deeply on the subject and so it's good to make mistakes.
Lapse - do not have permission for very high (ask for it still). no urgent, no must. compliance is first.
	have permission but not specified production or test tenant - then do it on test but we need to be specific.
Lapse - BYD - Why the breakpoints not getting hit from the excel client.
	cuz in the initial phase of the server the request is being rejected.
	Customer is requested to change the Item Type in the excel from "Invoice" to "Invoice Item" from the drop down and then it should work perfectly fine.
Lapse IQ - checking personalization and expecting adaptation view of adding fields.
Lapse - looking in SIV's query expecting fields for SIR - silly mistakes
Lapse - BYD - when copying data from SAP GUI to excel 001 is converted to 1 which won't behave properly for query - cuz 001 is a string.
Lapse NOT - IQ - Adding params to object at runtime - either create object with full attribs or type any and keep adding params 1 by 1 or new Object.
Lapse - Error from X4 during build after few months - cuz version of X4 is obsolete and may interfere with lerna.
	C:\Users\I341365\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules
	deleting the folder solved the problem.
Lapse NOT - why don't you just create navigation to test your screen temporarily the intermediate screen properly navigating to one of target screens can be done later. Yes but BO model is a bottleneck for that.
Lapse IQ - Use simple navigation cuz of porttype if things are failing - there are multiple options or ways of doing things - keep them at your disposal.
Lapse IQ - Wrote the Internal memo but forgot to change the application component of the very high ticket.
Lapse IQ - Didn't notice that exit class implementation point was not getting hit cuz of my wrong assumption that breakpoint obviously is gonna be against my puma user.
Lapse - can't remove systems from the list of EP systems - cuz the EP is in status InApproval. So, visibility of that button is controlled - should have been read only rather than invisible in this case.
Lapse EQ - Walking long distance with cylinders (didn't occur that I could take auto) and getting exhausted (hinjewadi). This is pain-body.
	walking till temple (bibwewadi) and getting exhausted but it was good.
		NFP started that stage. Keen interest in yoga devp (of all types) and resumed. Realized what truly mattered to me - CS Life, Yoga, philosophy (wide vs deep - how to take bath). The problem of attention to only small details like making curd, etc - you don't achieve big when you get tensed over small things - you worry bus fare? How will you focus on PhD level problem?
		Developed interest in Sandeep Maheshwari, Robin Sharma, Pradhanmantri (politics, ram janma bhumi), SSC exam, movies and TV Series. Coming to know what I truly want.
		Asked foolishly if seniors wanted me to join temple but seniors are mature enough to guide properly and free you of misconceptions.
	Walking and not taking auto in Bibwewadi - carrying luggage with me. Not aware about cab facility etc - so lack of EQ exposure.
		Surabhi didi brought light by making me buy smartphone although I didn't believe in it a lot - my bad.
Lapse IQ - Can you help me post a random SIV? - material master error, maybe its valuation has to be maintained then financials accounting error.
	consulting limitations - you don't know the full scope of a business document - what all checks are involved and why an error is showing up.
Lapse - folder not visible cuz layer strategy was different.
Lapse - in the folder, should have addressed the file as ./file instead of file and so it resulted saying that file not found.
Lapse - why old nomenclature - for every adopter to keep the same name for exit class - no, the name of exit class maintained in 1 place in interim UI so e1 will use the same exit class. But phase flipping will make it a problem. Yes it will.
Lapse - triggering NPM install from wrong directory and getting errors cuz lerna s.t even that subdirectory has package.json so not "not found error" but something else.
Lapse EQ - Flight booking
	All had high duration so Sorted by minimum duration and picked the most frequently used one and booked it - later found out that if only I looked for a competition for it after sorting by price - I could have got another flight (with mild layover) at 1K lesser.
	but given the condition of outbreak COVID it's fine. I had just given cursory look at price based sorting - but exhaustive search fetched interesting results. 
	Of course, shortcoming of layover, night arrival at destination, afternoon flight so what to do in morning - mild one. Strictly speaking not a lapse but an observation.
Lapse - IQ - being in wrong directory and trigging the npm install and finding errors.
	Solution - whenever triggering an outta box service - focus on what does the service focus on from consulting perspective - in npm install case it looks for package.json in the folder you run the command from - doesn't raise error cuz file exists but is dependent one and no indpendent in lerna.
Lapse - IQ - Didn't take money at Infy when I would come in early morning hours, there is allowance for that. I never signed a paper saying that I had no problem. Never claimed air fair. filed tax - that's all makes the case of underindulgence in VA which is MOI.
Lapse - copying a migrated PO would not copy the migrated flag anymore - right!? so won't hold for migration related processes.
	could be avoided by thinking about what business user's expectations should be in this case.
Lapse - IQ - taking responsibility more than your scope - worrying why some action buttons are disabled while they are not within your scope 
	not inside scope of implementation of CIP but that of modeling 
	good attitude to ensure that everything works but managerial boundaries need to be understood.
	problem that someone else had written test case and I was unquestioningly complying - question everything attitude.
Lapse - misuse of term enabled of GR indicator - it was checked that I wanted to say.
Lapse - PIES - throat problem and cured but still yearning for chilli and maggi masala 
	philosophically I am not against it - I am - it is rajasik food and not very favorable for KC 
	in minute quantities or occasionally, it's ok but planning for it and not being able to perform love offering to Krishna is all a problem.
	also inform family today to get more gradient descent. 
	Drink hot water in 1 hr to settle the immediate problem and had also consumed mucaine gel b4.
		Intel constantly bashing my mind why only cuz you had planned? - yes, so that's another problem. Bashing on intellect is good for gradient descent.
Lapse - BYD - the tax code not filled should go to AP-TTE-TC team cuz their component - why do we not raise error - cuz we can't it is attribute in their DO and we don't read it to raise an error message.
Lapse NOT - IQ - Tony asked XREP downloading every file one by one. can I download many together - yes, but need to use some NGAP service. The UI migration is done by Pankaj so he can help you with it.
Lapse - CID not found in the system - it was present in TPL or 3PL - cud have also tried TPO but was To Stock to TPL worked fine.
Lapse - no lcp, not found file at loc and wrong module, debog helped with exception breakpoint.
	comparing with original files that worked - turns out the bo changes were wrong - like last time. Don't repeat mistakes.
Lapse - don't forget to transpile the code b4 run - forgotten cuz generally we run watch on the package and forgot this one time.
Lapse - we discussed this in scrum, right. So it is expected that you have your ears active during such discussions.
Lapse - AC not cooling and he called - turns out it was only a wrong mode selected - dang it
Lapse - hdd to syami during kolkata visit and also debit card bit Surabhi dd managed dry fruits nicely.
Lapse - rather than calling her at 3:30 when she would be free, call her at 2:45 for status cuz of travel time involved so backtracking once more.
Lapse - if sth can go wrong, don't be surprised if it does like car driving Kritika for first time. Mobile speaker problem, forgetting erp stuffs in emotions of the instant.
Lapse - mask is necessary for going outside - not for us but them - don't get sold - be a man. Not forced haldi but that was the solution corrected her in 2 hrs - take firm stand on right things and don't settle to avoid fight. In the very least, be the right eg and let her be herself with facility to do it right. Imagine if i had haldi heated for her. Heck with she not liking it, in this case.
Lapse EQ - that I don't meet her current nic+e - can't let her travel, can't tell her stories at her band width, irresponsible instances like bad driving, not checking knife when lemon make s proposed, can't pick a fight for what's right - am not an arch.
Lapse - wore jeans but card not removed.
Lapse - phone in silent mode - bad address put in swiggy app.
Lapse - why gift of 37K to Kritika - do you expect her to spend on your siblings as well? Not really - then what is your vision with this investment. The problem being Syami's suggestions is just input to act on - just an input with pros and cons already - to ignore it is foolishness and I didn't consider financial aspect of family erp for it to be mutually rewarding but specifically, committed then don't back out else different flavour in intial relp cultivation and don't get carried away by any suggestion and should have consulted parents for valuable inputs - again networking with family to start with. What about expectations it will create and what about reciprocation.
Lapse - bad installation. No phone ICICI credit card and login. Pin forgotten. Not sure of balance. Forgot WhatsApp installation to confirm e-receipt. Should have given 7 else's number for the same. Syami on eth - I will do it and being the one to get credit - server on platter - see your concern is done, see here and take it forward from here.
Lapse - keeping secret docs open out there. How much will that make you humble when exposed.
	Fear of being possessive with content - I should have come up if it really mattered - now it's all exposed.
Lapse - if family ain't proactive at letting me freely drive, why don't I ask driving school to gimme practice - bad bargain but better than worst.
Lapse - I have not worked in it vs I am working on it - different tone.
Lapse - so convenient to blame it on their intent, twisting the narrative, while it is true that we need to change socially - it is a humungous lapse for me to learn from and not an excuse to pass blame.
Lapse - Silly question - which system is it maintained - find out using find.
Lapse - at different levels - existence of beggars in streets and intoxicated people is lapse in social erp. Not liking politics is lapse at personal erp. Similarly others and we should identify them, feel humble and work to minimise that lapse with policies in framework but if course one can escape still but framework should be so strong that it's difficult to resist. Sth like va in material world.
Lapse - told eth to roommate about car and then turns out then he ain't there so information shared with no advantage - solution is first check if 7 can help and then share as much as is necessary - share more when asked about or if needed.
Lapse - any concern open up with friends; don't just live with it - of course tolerance is important but grieving for what's not worthy of it may increase your tolerance but wastes your time and effort, motivation also.
Lapse - communication design antipatterns - first telling Anshul, if he could move my car, only to learn that he is not there.
	Asking roommate for wifi password to learn that he had already done 6 months payment for wifi and I didn't have to use it.
Lapse (similar to story) - I did not even know that I already had car cover lying in the cabin diggy cuz of which car remained exposed for a few months - good I realised this before ordering it online.
	But man, need of standardization is so important - config stage of SVAF is of key importance.
Lapse - new RuntimeException vs throw new RuntimeException.
    Until I try it once that logger isn't writing - checked it and it was working all this while - just needed the library for writing - that's all.
    Logs always in kibana and never in spark app.
Polity - honouring the words - eg if someone says 1 rate and then asks for something hidden b4.
	Tail with elephant is allowed but not another elephant.
	Escalate if necessary and talk - even if it's a rule, we have right to knowledge.
	Threaten with losing a customer.
	Waste time so that it's discouraged.
	Bargain with what's their investment anyway - compare with other options and how you are anyways favouring by giving more and they should not act insane.
	Logics culminating in what you want in the end result.
Polity - Stereotype actions to personality and see a person rebel or change behavior.
    Complain and person tries to change. Appreciation.
    Firm stand of how you want yourself to be taken - even st vocal about it.
    Typecasting - 1-2 encounters used as justification to define a person.
        solution - counter eg.
    Narrative forming - few incidents and giving it a story of your choice.
    Other sources of power exercised -
    Brute power - physical or vocal or resourceful.
        numbers on your side.
    Willingness or not on your side. Talking win-win.
    Information manipulation - hiding, showcasing, lying as per comfort.
    Logic on your side; reminding logic.
    Power from position - cuz you are the role so what you say is true.
        Power of alliance - buying body guards, etc.
    Power from purity or ethics or morality - Let's do this cuz it's right.
    Some disruption from normal is always expected - we don't want civil war among guards and citizens.
        Some citizens are bound to think that they deserve to cross the fence a little and thru insisting - they settle with just a little beyond.
        We feel upset cuz we like people to pay the price for anything - and well, even if we don't like it - this behavior manipulation is a deserving act - maybe not enough but still deserves some art.
    Take a stand - others are bound to change it to clarify - like saying no it's not ghee - let me taste again.
        package is 15 right. Ok, just tell more or less.
    Reinforcement learning - sell away the chair if Rajasthan king didn't show up.
    set boundaries so that only alternative of your choice is left for the person to do.
    Your behavior of approval or disapprovals - showing a person potential friend or enemy based on how you behave.
Polity - Boarding pass - speak it out at least and give reasons for what you want and accept whatever.
    The way or tone that you speak also has an impact on a person - he got fever in different tones.
Polity (FND) - drishyam style.
	Repeat what you want others to believe.
	Kaanon se baat nikaalna - some tasks finished this weekend - asli kaam hota waise weekend mein hi hai.
	When asking for favor, enumerate all favors you did in past then ask for yourself - I extended on weekends and your work would not be completed without me.
	If some favor asked of you accept it and enumerate it later on - getting power is an art.
	Syami - I extend once or twice during the day for cleaning vessels, or meeting them and they get impression that you are always there for them cuz that's the intent - to make them understand.
	Mama showcasing to principal that she is very busy - picking up a task.
	Guests come and you run around for them and front end services given to them.
IQData - upto 5 Lakhs educational loan with manager approval educational leave provided that it aligns with company interests
	gotta stay with company for 1 to 3 years else prorated return the refunds.
IQData - Select members from skype and right click start conference call, email message, IM, etc.
IQData - Joke - So much effort for pizza? I ain't coming.
	see their dedication so busy even though CSS isn't working.
	I will plead ignorance in front of her - somya didn't tell.
IQData - Phone, address, name, adhar card, etc (for ewallet) => Facebook your likes tastes; google your queries; etc
	tell me your phone number and I know hell lotta information about you - it tells a lot about you.
IQData - Finding duplicates in excel in any column
	copy column to another row
	delete columns on the 2nd column using data tab / delete columns.
	compare 2 columns - observe where the change exists.
IQData 
	Always store in database in UTC format and convert to local time as on the retrieval
	Always store in DB time in UTC time zone and display to user the local time which they want to see as per their location.
IQData - Current path of the excel workbook - doesn't work on teams but works on its Desktop version (shows the network path clearly)
	=LEFT(CELL("filename",A1),FIND("[",CELL("filename",A1))-1)
IQData - smart breakpoint - eg message which is on error not warning and success or information - put break point with free condition using debugger.
IQData - Keeping even Wifi Hotspot over RSA VPN connected also got the connection back.
	was it just time that it needed?
IQData - potential people with same name on skype - fire 1 message to all of them in a conference - one who answers is the person we are interested in.
IQData - Touch Typing
	for a space following an 'a', use the right thumb. For a space following an '?', use the left thumb.
	Any properly trained touch typist will use the both Shift keys appropriately. For left finger keys, one uses Right Shift, and vice versa.
IQData - Fix "Aw, Snap!" page crashes and other page loading errors
	Clear Browsing Data
IQData - Customer troubled with humungous manual work
	Implement Functionality to assist in that - will take some time for now but easy road later (and good repo)
	Solve Problem Instance for now. You get lotta good will.
	Partner should solve specific problems of customers not development team - our time will be lost to specific customers. Can partner write reports - I think they can't.
IQData - IDEA - you can get runtime data information of a program - if you can spawn a thread and get the data inside any class using appropriate methods.
	OR you can go inside the class and at appropriate place allow the state of class to take persistence like text file or logger, etc.
IQData - Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) is often interchanged or confused with Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). But GMT is a time zone and UTC is a time standard.
	why not UTC - compromise between English and French.
IQData - New digital e Doorplates has been introduced for booking the meeting rooms. Here are the few updates,
		E Door plates will allow you to see whether a meeting room is booked, a meeting is about to start or if the room is free to book for an ad hoc meeting while you are standing right in front of the room.
		Important: Check In: You have to check in the meeting room to confirm your room booking. Check-in opens 10 minutes before meeting start time and closes 10 minutes after meeting start time. You or another attendant of the meeting needs to press this button to check into the room and confirm the booking. If you are not checked in within this timeframe, the room will be released again to SAP Room Booker as a free room bookable to everyone else in the company.
		Extend a meeting
	If you need more time and the room is not booked after your meeting, you can easily extend your meeting by pressing the "Extend" button and select a new end time for your meeting given that there is no adjoining meeting scheduled.
		You can still make room bookings via the SAP Room Booker tool which will then synchronize with the Doorplates and show your bookings at the room.
	pressing the CHECK-IN button on the screen when entering the room to confirm your booking (earliest 10 min before the start time). Please be aware that if you forget to confirm your booking within 10 minutes after the start of the meeting, it will lead to a booking deletion, making the meeting room available to everyone else.
	color code for status of the room - red (booked), orange (about to start), green (free).
IQData - Buddy
	2mro first thing
		general
			responsibilities - ability to enumerate what all is done - foundational set up complete.
			expectations - abstract out just tell me end from working perspective - time table to bring buddy up to expectation.
			functional onboarding plan - Oasis team - SRM, SCM, FIN familiarity. SCM course. Plan KT from whenever they decide.
		specific
			seat - next to Nirosha. 1st april - he should not think ki use april fool bana rahe hain - no, Venkatesh Seat.
			equipment (HR), authorizations (HR).
			Add to Email groups (who will do it), Shared Drive access (PA of VP), sharepoint (PA of VP)
			(?)Org chart update, Onedrive
	After joining - exchange contacts, ensure welcome program attended.
		team intro - by mgr, by myself - Ensure equipments and One Pager. Figure him out. Internet credentials. Thursday Friday.
			Sunil B - PO, Functional knowledge expert (business knowledge), and humorous, technical knowledge also good.
			Karthik - Scrum master, PO gonnabe, SIV master blaster, very approachable and ppl call him wiki.
			Sunil K - Architect, Any technical guidance onestop, he will know or know whom to approach.
			Somya - Quality expert, Chief Happiness Officer, Very helping in nature.
			Nirosha - Very expert at anything in her way, very helpful in nature.
		Team Lunch (after joining).
		have fun, read work agreement, get HR hang whatever, want to read about SAP - Tours of Corporate portal, OpenSAP, JAM pages, Lynda, etc.
	First week - Share New Hire One Pager, office365, 
IQData - You can open byd SaaS on your smartphone - just scan the qr for uri and then install the app. Give URL for system and enter your credentials but you get only 3 work centers - home, account management and business partner data.
	Error messages like already logged on to system. 1 failed attempt to help user with all these details.
	Also some specific reports on mobile.
IQData - Doing things in timebound fashion
	gotta finish the task of UIAT in timebound, that means no time for correction but testing validity of business scenarios only ignoring script, tool, expectation errors.
	see already existing trace and see if that helps to check manually.
	else go for a run (cuz automation is faster than manual and less involving).
	when fails, look for expectations, premise and immediately go through the test case behavioral scenario and execute it from where it stopped (so some attention during run expected cuz can't retrieve id later or can we) - mark it green.
	Also - made a note of flaws in scripts and notified to colleagues so that later on they can be rectified else this wood cutting with blunt saw will always take huge time.
IQData - space occupied by folders under home.
	34050   ./.atom
	39      ./.config
	1497    ./.dbvis
	33282   ./.eclipse
	3       ./.gfclient
	416     ./.Icecream Screen Recorder
	22      ./.ipynb_checkpoints
	305     ./.ipython
	1       ./.jupyter
	36055   ./.m2
	232     ./.matplotlib
	4929    ./.nbi
	686715  ./.p2
	255423  ./.PyCharmCE2018.2
	89076   ./.sapvi_2
	5224    ./.soapuios
	306     ./.spyder-py3
	1052    ./.swt
	116     ./.tooling
	196376  ./.vscode
	1       ./3D Objects
	90057345        ./AppData
	1       ./Contacts
	210540716       ./Desktop
	6       ./Doc Center
	33      ./Documents
	19      ./Downloads
	54113   ./eclipse
	161022  ./eclipse-workspace
	116     ./Favorites
	40      ./IntelGraphicsProfiles
	13      ./Links
	4918    ./MicrosoftEdgeBackups
	32357   ./Music
	124     ./NCH Software Suite
	2083564 ./OneDrive
	67106   workspace_adt
	1       Pictures
	0       Postman
	0       PrintHood
	55      PycharmProjects
	1       Saved Games
	15      Searches
	0       SendTo
	528     SoapUI-Tutorials
	0       Start Menu
	0       Templates
	412     Tracing
	855829  Videos
	du: cannot read directory './AppData/Local/ElevatedDiagnostics': Permission denied
	du: cannot read directory './AppData/Local/Temp/nseF0C0.tmp': Permission denied
	CS - du --max-depth=1 in linux for immediate size of a directory.
IQData - Windows 10 projection bug - won't display if resolution doesn't match so Laptop resolution changed in windows 10 to project to TV.
IQData - not logged in so can't create Pull Request - run sonarqube without assignment and then run it.
IQData - 
	IQGrats - This is such a huge data - just thinking will send you some data - good, send me few rows but all softwares are refusing to open it; how do you plan to do it - thru RStudio - good answer.
	IQGrats - Surabhi Didi said very good notes like taking essence out of NLP or something. That's what I call as seasoned pro - oh come on, you are the one.
		HTML files saved were of great help - even website can be saved but that didn't occur to me then.
IQData - ok what is this used for some analytics then ok.
IQData - FlexBen Payment Cycle:
	All the FlexBen related Claim settlement details will be shared by Medi Assist to the Accounts Payable Team at SAP in the following scheduled Cycles
	1st Payment Cycle:
	For FlexBen Claims which are approved between the 4th and 18th of every month, the data will be shared with the Accounts Payable Team at SAP on the 19th of that respective Month.
	2nd Payment Cycle:
	For FlexBen Claims which are approved between the 19th of the current month and 3rd of the next month, the data will be shared by MediAssist to the Accounts Payable Team at SAP on the 4th of next month.
	Note:- The eligible reimbursable amount will be credited to your account in 4 to 5 working days from the date Medi Assist shares the details to the AP team. Please contact us on sapflexben@mediassist.in for any FlexBen related queries.
IQData - Face Detection Algorithm used by ISKCON Pune to gain entry in the premises - it was 2014 or so at that time and I learn about it in 2020 while the video of coursera was recorded in 2017 boasting about China's achievement so it was imported by the temple at that time. Also, thumb impression detection at VIT Pune so interesting that we were using these and not simplistic badge based turnstiles.
IQData - Research
    How research works - a researcher doesn't know the full picture.
    Every individual piece of research is a DAG culminating into some potential for application.
    Like ICMR or CSIR has a vision for COVAXIN medicine development and is open to other ideas or lines of ideas.
        it is a body of government - must have started with 1 person entrusted with starting government funded research body in India.
            he further recruits more persons to delegate work in different sections to further the work.
            the ideas and topics are published on their website which universities professors can select or even propose.
            Once selected the profs or candidates may be recruited for fellowship to do justice to that topic of research.
    after the DAG of topics are fruitful - it culminates into COVAXIN medicine being made - this can be published for public consumption.
    in turn, business men can approach the govt body for recipes and permissions to start making the medicine as per specifications.
    Besides ICMR, there can funding done from companies - in foreign this practice is common but not so much in India.
    The developed mature ideas are shared across nations and not full theses - similar to company to keep tech secret or patents to get rights.
IDEA - UI DP - your day tracker thru dashboard with lines connecting them and time in front - emotion on right side - semi-circle scale to click and set your emotion - your emotional score Page.
IDEA - the problem of race conditions between multiple sources of updates 
	direct file change, change thru UIDesigner activation, change thru version update of app-package.json
	to ensure that content is not overwritten we can think of some version management to ensure that like GIT it should ask first pull changes (update metadata) before pushing new changes. 
	Let every new write also change its version which any update from other source checks before writing - but then wasted effort?
	So, something like an event raised informing the observers of a file to ensure that they update their metadata.
IDEA - Ability to simulate behaviors in internal development system - how would you use knowledge of Design patterns to do that.
	no repercussions for playing with the system - remember the snapshot of the system and reinstate it after the we are done.
IDEA
	Data representation of song music - can be used to tell if there's stealing of music thru clustering.
		can be used to classify song in genre.
		knowing your taste can recommend you similar songs.
		if you like a section of a song - can recommend you a song which has that "substring".
		your face expressions can be read thru IOT to guide you to next best song.
	It's not difficult because it is already being done thru various media files.
		only thing is we have to draw parallels between ?binary files and known attributes to train a model.
		or more abstract details of the files which were originally used to make them and train model on that.
		it may involve layers of abstraction - like extract drum sound, extract guitar sounds.
		audacity software can be used for this.
IDEA - IQ - Monitor can be held vertically for some views like IDE seeing full screen of code at once.
	My helmet lock can pass thru the inside of the bike.
IDEA
	Alexa Developer account is made - that API made in node.js talks with our SAP thru XI messages to create or retrieve informations.
		this will be presented in Teched.
	Earlier he also made Offline Byd system which will sync later on when you get access to internet.
IDEA - Using GIS for choosing transport zone and lane. Using NuSMV for testing completeness and correctness of business logic.
IDEA - you are going overboard with discounts. You have all data, all analytics - just make for SME data driven decision making assistance should be great.
	customers say - compliance is first. 2nd is help decision making. So our softwares are not dumb information mgmt but smart information managements and guidance (that's what's expected after DS) - go wild just take care that TCO, not over engineer, customer in mind, SME, exploiting SAC (what's already here).
IDEA - EQ - intelligence - maid doesn't understand anything but kannada and she can't get away without spider web cleaning - google translate and speech to our rescue.
IDEA - PPT making for innowah.
	Action (verb) - what you want to achieve (redesign, encourage, improve, solve)
	Subject - to be influenced or affected (millenials, sales managers, retired women, CEOs)
	Outcome - what would you ideally achieve (frictionless, affordable, fun, engaging)
	How might we statement - 
	Architecture Diagram
	Business Process Flow (Business Model Canvas)
	Integrations needed to achieve this
	SAP techs we will leverage
IDEA (source Freelancing) - I want a data security software where particular data would convert to small byte, encrypt 1024 bit and mix in mp4 video. And after decryption convert to original form. Original file will delete from hard drive level and should not recover anyhow.
	Solution Swings Framework to create UI - encryption use DES standard algo (preferably outta the box else my git implementations exist)
	Use standard DIP and DSP java code to read video frame by frame (audio and pics) - for every frame - number of pixels * RGB (3) - we can change 1 bit. So size of encryption file and steganography should match. For audio, it would be something different from pixels.
	Using it as gaming distraction for encryption - wanna play the game? Yes - then game. No - then encryption page. This is not within the scope of my implementation.
	To ensure that original file is not retrievable, overwrite the file before deletion. Else some software can read the stale data without reference from HDD.
	For keys, use text as input for the key on either side of software but if 1 user and no change over time then can hardcode (not recommended). Writing on file system also not recommended. User given password in the form of phrase is the best idea.
	If users of software can be different - can embed the key inside the code. If same user on same system - then can write on file of user directory but dangerous to have the key read.
	Project
		https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/image-processing-java-set-1-read-write/
		https://javarevisited.blogspot.com/2011/12/read-write-image-in-java-example.html
		https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38957444/how-to-extract-frames-from-a-video-java
		https://shodhganga.inflibnet.ac.in/bitstream/10603/41637/12/12_chapter%205.pdf
		https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/image-processing-java-set-2-get-set-pixels/
		https://www.freelancer.in/projects/encryption/DATA-SECURITY-SOFTWARE/details
		https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23523722/how-can-i-extract-a-particular-bit-in-java
		https://github.com/EdgarDanielRojas/DES-Algorithm-Java/blob/master/DESObject.java
		https://github.com/rmpestano/RSA
		https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3297749/java-reading-manipulating-and-writing-wav-files
		https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/play-audio-file-using-java/
	Details
		Hindi:
			Muje ek data security software chahiye jo ki access or sql data ko 1024 bit me encrypt and decrypt kar sake. 
			Ek database file hogi and ek mp4 video file hogi. Database file encrypt hone k bad video file me mix ho jayegi. Jab video file run karenge to video play ho jayega but data ki ko effect nhi aayegi.
			Jis folder se data video me chala gaya wo data hard drive level se nikal jayega.. yani recovery karne par bhi vapas nhi aayega.
			Software Normally run nahi hoga. Ek flash game k andar software hoga. Hum game run karenge wha yes anc cancel do option hoga. Yes par click karne se game run ho jayegi. But wha upar ek secret place par click karne se wo password dal sakte he wo b hidden hoga. Password dalne ka koi form open nhi hoga. Blindly password dalke enter karne se hi software run hoga.
			Ek password set and reset karne ka option chahiye.
			Ek master key or password set karne ka option chahiye. Both are With highly encryption.
			Encryption and decryption process fast hona chahiye.
			Encryption 1024 bit me hona chahiye.
		English:
			I want a data security software where particular data would convert to small byte, encrypt 1024 bit and mix in mp4 video. And after decryption convert to original form. Original file will delete from hard drive level and should not recover anyhow.
			SOFTWARE should not open normally. It would be in game form. It means normally when we open game then game will run. But when we click at particular point and enter hidden password then after software will run. 
			Encryption decryption should be fast.
			Should a password setting option. 
			Should a Master key option.
IDEA - revamping the engagement model for dShop and hence are looking for colleagues passionate about the latest gadgets and devices who can help in strategizing and executing the changes
IDEA - Project to do research on distributed systems and impact on microservices.
IDEA - Business Customer Interaction - liked a product - know more about it and seamless ordering. Know more about it - from image to details or QR code to web page, etc.
IDEA - Ideathon template week 2
	Team Name
	Problem statement
	Who's handling the problem - personas.
	how is problem solved today
		Why problem exists and RCA
	Our solution overview
	Traction
		Customer Validation Efforts and stats
		Customer Validation Results
		Interested customers
		Anything you wanna tell us
	Market and competition
		Your Total Addressable Market (TAM)
		Competitive analysis summary
	Product features and demo
	future roadmap
IDEA - Pitch
	1Problem to Solve
	Define the situation
	General market information
	Trends: Problems and/or Opportunities to start from.
	Whats the relevance of your problem?
	2 Your solution/offering
	Define your idea/concept in one slide
	Describe everything in 3 sentences max.
	Pitch like a sales person
	Whats your solution to the problem? Why is it unique?
	Visual mock-up or prototype of your concept
	3 Value of solving the problem
	How are you going to make (big) money?
	How many customers do you want to approach, whats your market size?
	Whats your market potential? How fast are you going to move?
	Key financial figures
	4 Credibility
	What are the assumptions you validated? What was the outcome?
	Have you approached different stakeholders? What did you learn?
	Why will it work?
	Why should they believe you?
	5 Call to Action/Next Steps
	Whats the roadmap you want to follow?
	What are the main assumptions you want to test with a Minimum Viable Product?
	How will the MVP look like? What do you want to build?
	Investment needed? (costs, people, resources, ...)
	First 6 month & long term vision
IDEA - Summit Topics, Idea Submission, Milestone Submission, Idea Filtering, POC or Prototyping, Showcase.
IDEA - VS Code extension for open in outline the copied path. using click on bread crumbs to open the file in hierarchy in file outline view.
IDEA - button to assign all views of workcenter on UI - quick work from user's choice.
IDEA - BYD - Wiki or documentation is the link between 2 teams so that it may act as buffer b4 you approach the team for clarification.
	responsibility of documentation is with dev for L2 and L1 support and not with the teams themselves.
	If wiki doesn't have it, of course it is developer's responsibility to help them else it sucks at their part - they can't do anything about it.
IDEA - speech programming - speak into microphone what a program should do and it will do the needful. create a for loop but scaffolding already does that so not a great idea.
	but commands like run, etc will be some great level of interactivity. At least for hyper-functions like navigate to bug, see definition of this function, etc will be a fast and very satisfying programming experience.
IDEA - Make JAVA framework sample. Of course, it's gonna work with reflection API but others also support addressing by class variable name at runtime.
IDEA - Make JAVA framework sample. Of course, it's gonna work with reflection API but others also support addressing by class variable name at runtime.
IDEA - not printing but creating logs in tree form 
	Levels - FATAL (can't proceed with that), ERROR (sth wrong; counter expectation), WARN (something unusual but not stopping shit), INFO (user perspective contexts that were hit), DEBUG (which developer contexts were hit), TRACE (vals during contexts), ALL (every dang log).
	Think hierarchy as INFO, DEBUG, TRACE - show me logs at level 0 - ok, let me go deeper into this branch like that.
IDEA
	Headings
		Increase accuracy and efficiency by automating tasks with the help of intelligent technologies - eg - Someway to reduce turn around time required in a business scenario
		Enhance User Experience to increase adoption - eg - harmonized UI layer for multiple applications - it is possible thru UIDesigner otherwise we need to abstract all backend systems and plan accordingly.
		Innovative ideas that can define the market - eg - offline PO, determine savings by strategic procurement.
		Enable seamless integration by leveraging ecosystem - integration with partners, with other tools, etc.
		Get 360 degree view to support data driven decisions - more info than transactional - eg identify or manage conflicts that may arise - on top of transactions.
	Examples
		One customer conversation in a social channel crossing all front office functions and reflecting it in to back-end system
		UI Designer to disassociate - UI tech with UI specifications.
		IoT and Machine Learning to achieve agility and date driven game-changing business outcomes.
		execute complex business processes powered by ConversationalAI.
		Individualized and Efficient User experience
		Design a solution for offline order/request/bid/approvals
		Demand-driven, self learning supply chains.
		proactive order delivery monitoring by looking into relevant stock levels and logistic constraints
IDEA - build a framework in java - simple one.
IDEA - IQ - Anshul Apps
	NITI aayog made arogya setu - apple and google come together for gps with people infected and hotspot - proximity then escape. avoid hotspot if in a route.
	of course gotta install all of people.
	IOT on jackets so that construction sites - restricted area and worker unauthorized goes inside then update him and other workers in area; if no action in 1 minute then email; phone; message or emergency call (SOS) to supervisor - can be integrated with ERP.
	Also, rape protection - sensor on underwears and brasiers - if stretched in certain ways then message - False positives little bit is ok - the problem with TP is really high.
	covid19gov - for stats on every hour basis and exploratory analytics.
IDEA Winners
	Smart & Automated resolution of failed messages
	Intelligent Business Process Automation 
	Provide Cloud Software bundle for Small Businesses e.g. crafts 
	Integrated Project Management & Controlling for SAP Cloud/Intelligent Enterprise Extension Projects 
	Cloud Security Assessment Monitoring & Enforcement Brokerage Automated Services 
IDEA - ITTicket Solving - Decision tree made - what is your problem - click one of many pallettes and then context of your selection more pallettes show up with questions. Brilliant way of approaching.
IDEA - Customers collaborations - Assets are spread across social media, CRP, YouTube etc. with no single aggregate source. So mobile app for the same.
IDEA - SAP Corp portal already started using ML - type description and ticket type (HR, Payroll, IT, etc) and ticket category (skype issue) is determined and auto-filled.
	Even issue description is filled as much as skeletally possible.
IDEA BYD - if received by Email then gotta do it via email - what about ML for email to BO - if pdf or image then scanned invoice; if textual then NLP.
IDEA - complaint Addressal system of govt - Name, address (GPS), concern category, concern - concern to concern category classification and clustering or name suggestion, clustering concerns together - squeeze, sentiment analysis - primary concerns listed.
IDEA out there - Constant updates on COVID numbers with all descriptive analytics necessary.
IDEA - Working remotely challenge - Think proposal stems from different layers of human needs and then different stakeholders from that layer.
	E - E1 - social - come alive, regular updates, team lunch on skype, games, etc.
		stay connected and not feel remote - twice day scrum!
	I - better collaboration platforms for all of them - already exist but think of their limitations or specialize them in certain ways for specific purposes.
		Business - conduct business together - Go Gemba. Sales pitch on vitual space.
			handshake to finalize disclose private data. How to negotiate, pitch, etc.
		Manager - more organized - outlook, time tracking from manager and engagements e1 has. scrum sheet ed filling and morning evening scrum. kanban, jira, etc. Transparency protocol! It's already there.
			all buried in chats and email - how help them prioritize and act on them - roll up of the work e1 is doing right now (such a dang micromanagement). Individual level - views of action items from outlook or pushing action items in somebody's bin or inbox and let them put it in bin (outlook)
		Arch - problem solving together - Arch Meetings, Teams screen sharing sessions for roll out any probs, functional trainings. Innvation virtual meeting.
			common whiteboard for collaboration - microsoft Planner.
		E1 - physical limitations - brainstorming for solutions, facial expressions for manager.
			but manufacturing sector - how will they do business - physical presence for raw materials to machinery and overseeing. Automation!!
			right there, to pull that lever, or hit that switch - IOT actuators and overview dashboard to manager.
IDEA - transparency - just let the ideas be thrown out there for everyone to look up. My team has evolution phase and let the ideas continue to exist on the table for others to refer.
IDEA - from others - Priority Pyramid and Easy Log - Intelligent Task Management.
	Easy log - log in 1 UI - integration with all the platforms.
	Intelligent Task mangement - Not read ideas but I guess the following - let e1's tasks come in the OWL list from n sources and let people fill it.
IDEA - problems collector and addressor with apt stakeholder - typical Infy IT handling system.
IDEA - responsive systems - if everytime I close a pop up after login - learn it and stop showing it to me after a couple of times. Of course, along with configuration to start having it in future.
IDEA - call or challenge - help improve business
	domains
		Business - Deals with presence.
		PS - Help business run smooth or better.
		Physical - operation without presence
		Organized - self management. Like tracking my time or functions.
		Social - Socialize.
	Tools - Using - Mural for visual collaboration in a digital workspace.
		helps with - plan, brainstorm, evaluate, design, learn, empathize.
		extensions for team.
	marvelapp.com - collaborative design platform 
		Marvel app is an app that allows you to design and create prototypes of your own apps. It is a great way to use your imagination and create your own apps.
IDEA - easy notes making - program to read from clipboard and append to new file.
	Google: program to read from clipboard
IDEA - COVID Healthcare assistant - No description - Think of food delivery kind service - you have lots of doctors to connect to - buy something from them including advice.
IDEA - Can automate this along lines of NLP - description from customer if partner issue b4 then auto-redirect to partners again. redirection to specific user based on description and customer and so forth. auto-suggest the application component from description. auto-suggest priorities, etc - just helping to support colleagues.
IDEA - BYD - During run the sequence of determinations is determined - what about a tool to consume the logic written to find out determination sequence - of course it is topological sort but for the consumers to be able to debug better, it's a great welcoming report.
IDEA - Note all of them are supply demand with a unique domain - sd on humanitarian activities, Medical Assets; 1st one is manipulating the demographics itself (quite hospital like and sounds less of IT work)
	1. Pandemic Cohort Management - club diseased together and others don't need to work from home anymore.
	2.	AERATE - Critical Life-Saving Asset Registry: Enables a creation of an agile, global, shareable network for critical life-saving medical devices, starting with ventilators.
	3.	Sustainable Humanitarian Action Project: Connects the needs of NGOs, social enterprises and businesses to better and faster provide in times of crisis.
	4.	COVID-19 Humanitarian Response (4W ML WIZARD): Enables the humanitarian response to COVID-19 by addressing unique data challenges, thereby reducing cycle time to help those in need.
IDEA - BYD - get information on whether an attribute changed by using overridden create and update methods in the accessor class. 
	Can even override the determination to be triggered on attribute change using a framework local to SRM but this should be avoided as others developers will find it troublesome to read and understand our code.
IDEA - EIndia - E Governance on BYD like software - Traceability of tax collection and net money for the year. Let it be public - the budget for this year - high level brackets.
	drill down thru voting system like change.org or petitions - with issues or concerns having upvotes, downvotes, comments (+,-,neutral) - let %age of budget officially get assigned to the such petitions on basis of upvotes or whatever (much like our customer influence platform) - let there be log history maintained against those petitions - division of that money went to which all stakeholders - status of work also with images, public can easily come there and tag in their comment on it.
IDEA - Grievance addressing system for mayor; Attracting industries for investment in India - have a platform space for them as well. Whatever gets measured gets managed.
IDEA - doing something for Kissans cuz they don't know market and they suck - let them have the power to "Sell to Seller" or "Manage selling himself" decision.
	fear of commercialization - well that's just demand for commercialized products is high and supply is less. Well, that's economics - don't wanna stop its natural play.
IDEA - CS - tree difference between 2 snapshots - eg - run npm - what are new folders and files added.
	SAX Parser - 2-way tree pointeres of stack on the tree. OR DOM Parser - get all children and queue to process each onna them.
IDEA - during run in debug mode - some setting to ensure that every error log should automatically stop for debugging.
IDEA - A smart platform to connect, manage and monitor your health(with current focus on Coronavirus).
	Aarogya Setu - includes self diagnosis and displays nearby COVID 19 positive cases
	connect the health care providers with the common man
	virtual assistant and automated test scheduler using which people can manage and monitor their health issues at home
	provide a virtual assistant to be used by local authorities, healthcare providers and public
	preventive action workflows for public, smart appointment schedulers that facilitate efficient utilization of healthcare providers' capacity with minimal operational cost.
	Take - It is middleman or broker between doctors (consulting, scheduling specific) and people (potential patients).
IDEA - retail and its SCM.
IDEA - SolvePro
	 providing structured insights gathered by participants before and after meetings, and by adding interactivity, business content, and discussion aids during a meeting
	 JD
		Managerial
			An innovative mindset, self-organising, and ready to join an agile team in delivering new concepts fast.
			timezone suitable for working with Indian team.
		Tech
			modern application stack technologies, for example Node.js, Nest.js, GraphQL, TypeScript
			Prior experience of utilising Microsoft O365 SDKs and Graph services
			UI technologies (React (Native))
			UI design and UX methodologies (user research, associated tools such Sketch, Axure)
IDEA - Digital Mandi.
IDEA - augmented learning for kids - try blue dog. Nothing stopping them in perms and combs.
IDEA - Retail Genie - View the retail bins on app and get recommendations from app for smart shopping.
	Ability to locate a product in the supermarket.
IDEA - Gamify the bug solving - bugs spillage or solved per person over interval automatically.
IDEA - An opportunity to help delight customers in the S/4HANA MOVEMENT by showing them tangible proof points, references of similar customers across multiple dimensions. 
	Create Shareholder Value Maps across industries 
	Provide the best of search and drill down capabilities 
	Create Industry HeatMaps of Proof Points 
	Explore how bots can be used to enhance the search experience
IDEA - stalker bot - given an error message what process was carried out, do that again.
	that customer is bankrupt so don't business with him. No stocks available so make it available.
	auto-mode -> Scenario automation, error resolution, auto completion of scenario, auto resolution - button on byd -> auto-resolve the error message.
		read message last raised and maintain stock from last time. Naive Bayes Algorithm. Given an effect what was the best cause.
		steps for resolution - log file like click wcv, click wcv, enter company (id) etc -> error message - stock not availabe - recognize the scenario - ML -> stock management - redo it.
	co-worker mode -> error resolution hints for co-worker mode.
	Negative sentiments in twitter then no business with him.
	good for new joinees.
	SCP for model creation.
IDEA - create data fatafat using both start scripts and boum2 scripts assignment
IDEA - IOT - Intelligent Doorbell - on knock, take thermal picture and tell on smartphone temperature of person - used Raspberry Pi.
	LED for the user who pressed the doorbell.
	IFTTT for connectivity and sending message to Mobile device.
	Sensor name DHT11 and DHT22 for temperature and moisture.
	Proximity sensor to avoid bell press.
IDEA - Smart Garden
	curtain, lights, door, etc so why not plants - 1-2 weeks away they die.
	ESP32 - router via wifi - control center for raspberry pi.
	NodeRed.
	How to get started - internet is there for you. Online reading and good documentations.
	MQTT vs REST calls - asynchronous is better cuz call doesn't fail. vs Here, fire and forget.
	MQTT needs broker running in your raspberry pi.
	Contact - Vijay G and neeladri.
IDEA - free text ML
	tell category - classification - tell correlation of words with any category - which category does the words most match with.
	suggest product id - clustering - 
	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25721884/how-should-i-deal-with-package-xxx-is-not-available-for-r-version-x-y-z-wa
IDEA - Make Inbox Outlook folders based on ML on inbox
	download and apply clustering.
IDEA - whenever a new mail comes, trigger a job to add new links to the favorites. Or Batch job for this.
IDEA - ML can generate different shades of image - people's favorite image can be mixed in flavors that ppl will like to pay on amazon - printing it on wooden frame.
IDEA - Derivations and discussions. Also delivered in LIB so qualifies for sume.
    Create a transformation matrix for the TSS vector. Any product is also yet another transformational matrix. But convenient for the user.
        chaining of the rules is output becomes input for the other.
        This is being realized thru nested rules - rule that has rule as a function. Good idea. Called rule orchestration.on
        windowing - for sliding average - can think of implementing it in terms of sequences of previous one itself.
            but the problem of late comers. Integral as a solution. I would like to have it but how to explain to the users but gotta explain - not easy to sell.
        Transformation problem solution is quite a work.
            introduce 2 spark jobs - error recognition, outlier recog, and correction, UoM transformations.
            expensive to break everything around monitoring and data ingestion pipeline. Any idea to do it quicker.
            We lose many customers cuz we don't have these basic capabilities.
    Sequential circuits vs combinatorial circuits - when output becomes the input for the same or the other circuit.
        Sequential circuits - can realize polynomial functions of higher order.
        Not that design time team has to do it - even we can do it from inside our spark job - this can be proposed or implemented when time comes.
        @who needs it from hardware when software can do it.
IDEA - Home Alone IOT, Aggressor's Karmic Reactions IOT or Robots, etc.
IDEA - Instead of DoD checking status in 10 places - let's have an app or integrate with monitoring - which checks availability across apps in scheduled manner and returns error with which all failed.
    what about failed in past - kibana logs - ideally 500 response from any app can be configured to inform on slack / email or raise IOT alarms.
    But suggesting may reduce our DoD efforts and hence manpower. 2nd, this must have already been thought before. Third, building it means not focussin on our own IOT core work.
IDEA - let's make a shell script for all kafka, chisel, etc.
Joke
	hum dil de chuke sanam - if you say love marriage.
	blame ourselves and not family if love marriage.
	french kiss of 90s. bitch-chara.
	has he touched you - b (bacha) spot
	this pervert is really enjoying booty bounce.
	now she wants sindur - mein gale pe mukka maarta.
	gorgeous chemistry teacher - maaro na please.
	oldest people to parent are indians and then say don't talk about naughty stuffs.
	she like saari so much that wears it on top of bikini.
	room waali anti talks to me only while collecting rent but she feeds tenant.
	he is gonna kill him after 5 mins speech - group joint cracking. Then countdown - cuz that's how terrorists kill people.
	bomb will blow - I can take it out and throw it but you know what fk it.
	Abe park mein aaye ho to chupchap ped ya jhadi ke peeche gandi harkaten karo na - dialogues kyun.
	zyada bollywood dekhke - high ego for poverty.
	but on suhag raat uske intentions bahut clear hain.
	running for mins - ho gya aage, iska daudna ho jaaye then wake me up.
	he is man of bhabhis as well - her husband comes and spoils the fun. Anjali like Dev gya tel lene, I am in love with you.
	We are planning to play Online Pictionary tomorrow during Chai Pe Dhamaal.  
	I am sending you a choice of 3 words. You are free to choose ANY ONE. 
	The objective of the game is simple  You have to draw the word you chose on the Microsoft Whiteboard during the game and others would try and guess.
	Your choice of 3 words is: 1.Fin  2.Dumbbell  3.Spring
	Link to access the whiteboard (You must have gotten my invite for the same).
	Rules : 
	1.	The successful guesser and the artist gets one point each. (In the rare event that multiple guessers correctly identify the word simultaneously, each successful guesser gets one point) 
	2.	If none of the guessers identify the word within one minute, nobody gets any points.
	3.	The person who draws should NOT attempt to write any letters/words. 
	pop culture deep culture. Drill down - sit and have serious deep discussions - many spiritualists don't entertain.
	http://hindigrammar.in/muhawara3.html
	https://www.aplustopper.com/muhavare-in-hindi/
	https://www.hindivarta.com/hindi-muhavare-idioms-meaning-in-hindi/
Joke - stereotyping - anything you do can be used to make fun of you later - at which even you will laugh.
Joke - eent to nahi aayi amazon package mein. (Domain Mixing - Select a word or entity in a statement or context and recall all that you know about it - mix them up with emotion)
Joke - shabdik (word play), arthik, analogy, intelligence extensions (punjabi movies), voice play, famous memes (quotes) eg bache ke jaan lega kya, sharp turn, logical args, garibi relatable (psychology), going wrong or vakrokti, different angle of vision (unexpected outcome). exposing politics or psychology as TT.
Joke - come we will code together ..he is looking - Avyukta come on, let's learn a language - repeat after me ... A B A P. He is smiling like he is in heaven and actually he is - #1.
Joke - You eating like me - I am your proxy in the team or do you have copyright over it?
Joke - hamari jodi jaise long, elachi ki jodi.
Joke - I love chicken and I don't mean the taste of it- double meaning
Joke - Hold My Beer
	Spartans : We were 300 only 
	Sikhs : Hold my lassi .....
	Hold my beer is a phrase often said before one tries to do something dangerous or illegal.
	somewhat intoxicated, a stranger dares him do sth - rush of alcohol and testosterone and he accepts challenge
		says hold my beer while I do this and return to finish this.
Joke - UPSC 2019 Imp Qus.
	Modiji Aam kaise khate h??
	1.chaat ke
	2.choosh ke
	3. Daba ke
	4.kaat ke
	5.all of the above
Joke - You still eat veg or salad bolke chicken kha lete ho. We play near railway crossing - play in some badminton court no.
Joke / vocab - "Noob" is short for "newbie", another slang term that comes from the word "new". A noob usually means a bad player in a game, or someone who does not know the rules of a community.
	a person who is inexperienced in a particular sphere or activity, especially computing or the use of the Internet.
Joke - Jon Snow is just learning grammar this season.
	"She is my Queen, She is your Queen, She is our Queen".
Joke - No1 reads email - we do....but ignore after seeing.
	spam - jaise karni.
Joke - not connecting saying regional policies - Damn GDPR
Joke - what are we dealing with - something new.
Joke - flowers - what is occasion? anniversary - very good of you - when? kal .....great.....thee (past)!! smiling face becomes serious!!
Joke - Ye sanskar mile ghar se - nahi yaar tere jaise dost mil gaye.
Joke - Dhun savaar
	ICICI - sap_supp001, password - gimme a break.
Joke - SAP Logon da ui vekhke lagda hai India aaj vi angrezan da ghulam hai.
Joke - I know bhookh neend nahi aati - nahi wo sab aa jate hain bas kaam nahi hota.
Joke - Why Alexa, say Pushpa, no getpa in our case.
Joke - but rbt is done right - yes it is already green we are making it greener or dark green.
	for our contributions we get samosa - next release we expect the chana or groundnuts in a roll.
Joke - Bhaji tussi kitthe ho (over phone) - I am on road - I know project wasn't going well but why you came on road - cuz of project only.
Joke - 1 wifi named - noneOfYourWifi.
Joke - He became 1 year younger by changing states - ok repeat year - I thought age reduced - in certificates, it happens right. You end celebrating birthday twice.
	certificate making was govt process so would take time - sir pick your birthday it's palindrome you will like it - Like with mobile number.
	How was weekend engaging - you got engaged?
	Biology Bioinformatics - powerful living cell which can be programmed so put it in blood stream and human genome completely read for DNA based astrology.
Joke - I have already ridden a horse...not for marriage...just otherwise; people also go for rath like Mahabharat - cuz it is war - yeah, people joke about it; I didn't know it was literal.
Joke - Whoever we are talking about, we are getting to meet, right quite interesting - nobody will talk about corona from now on.
	Jira svadanusar hi accha lagta hai, wo sabzi kya jo jira ki hi bani ho.
Joke - How to be the funniest person in any room? Stay alone. (expectations ditched)
Joke - angle of vision - kindly make pakoda outta that instead; I am excited. Angle of vision alternate or change the context.
	plz isme lal mirch mat daalna (foolish) - nahi maine to daalna hai (obvious answer!)
Joke - Comedy Central
	Shawshank Redemption is subplot of gupt (use commode)
	He does ads on alcohol and She sells kent purifier so seems like they can make good shots at home. (Context Change - Ads to reality)
	I muted the TV still I could hear that loud (hyperbole).
	Dudh maangoge kheer denge - why - what if he makes tea outta kheer. Aur after milk he will try his luck with kashmir. (Context change - muhavara taken literally)
	Ambani trouble - never worried about swiggy discounts or costly salads (Anarthas).
	His father is shaka laka boom boom pencil. (Metaphor or rupak)
	home so big that another affair could be going on and won't realize. (What could go wrong OR another angle of vision)
		School studying in owned by his father. wannabe? Your boss. (Psychology)
		Your marriage? I will increase gold rate so increase marks. (Psychology)
	She watches sansani and then worries about me (Psychology)
		never from ajnabi; biscuit mein drugs so caution - wow! (?different perceptions, unexpected results)
		to get drugs he took biscuit to aunty but were normal so said shit; gave her joint and she said if he was anjaan vyakti to which he said yes. The one mom warned me about.
	Methi instead of ganja bought at Goa decided that won't waste so asked mum for parothas - ate parothas and bhajan on pink floor.
Joke - Horror movies - thoda doors grease karva lo yaar. Most logical thing to do is go towards. Message was this, so cheat on them.
	car didn't even move - hand brake. Ghost scaring them using hair dryer. trim your eyebrows, bigger than down there.
	she says what all streaming services give - mein barbaad kar dungi, that's what want.
Joke - 8yr ko sirf uski aukat yaat dilao - 5 yr wonders do I even exists which he realizes he does after maths test results.
	Doctor stereotype khoon chadhao but only cold then garam karke chadhao. (stereotype, logic, foolish)
	Free hand = slap.
Joke - Acchi hai but I ain't talking mehendi (logical set up for a point). Compl. Opening up. Weaving story - coming back with 1 blue eye. (Jumping to conclusion)
Joke - you create raunak like Kritika - I will start coaching under her 1 hr a day (not a joke but endearing - plan making actions in transactional dat of adhram erp).
Joke - I speak in the conversation - Masala sabji - sabji maybe a lot but without spices sabji isn't tasty. It's ok, some like speaking others like it meaningful. i am cool with it, paka rahi hoon - nahi my threshold is high. Even from transcendence perspective, mouth and 2 ears so I should hear twice. Stories that exciting or inspire. Say something - "ok bye"; well after so much cornering, i think i am only left with that.
Joke - don't open mouth so much, gotta sew otherwise - impose analogy as if it is that.
Joke - bhabhi, baby. Teri bhabhi, meri baby.
Joke - I still eat cerelac. Oh, what about dolls or toys or accelerator toys. When we say baby we don't literally mean it. What gift you gave.
Joke - you can buy that kinda shoes - you see I like to joke but don't like to become a joke. Mazaak karna pasand hai, banana nahi.
Joke - Translate kaun karega - Aur pati kis liye diya. Take turn from here - don't worry, won't take to pak. Baba udho, jalfa mata, etc.
Joke - Kaun se don ke andar training ki hai.
Joke lapse - bua from patiala - our doors are open - keep them safe from thieves - here joke was at expense of seriousness so undesirable.
Joke - go Shakti rani - what about samant raja - keep the tone with words change to pinpoint something. Saurabh, did you look at her plate what she needs - No, you only say don't peep into other's plates - mis-applications of principles.
	Kritika sore throat - Dumb charades, cuz you speak so much, corona fear pandit so blessings online, no speaking in car then we will roast you till you sleep.
	Ornaments - signal wherever u go. In night then ppl fearful hearing payal with no person.
	Head pain, I gave head massage but neck pain, idk. Last time I gave you company when sore throat, this time let me take water then both couple will exude air from mouth.
	Galaa theek hua - wo chup hain idea lagaa lo.
	Intel jokes on logic - always wanna know my location why don't you fit gps on me. Bail buddhi.
	joke all time - transactional remark in pop tonality - eg ye chal kya raha hai bhaiya, bihari stereotyping, etc. Thak gaya yaar - let's talk after 30 mins - syami attitude.
	I am having kharash - sharp turn - instead of empathy - out of the house!!
	This is my good bua - who is then bad bua - expose politics or truth teller or keep tone with pivot.
	Humble habits. Mange bahut zyada thi. Called me uncle call him, shadi hai holi nahi, sindur aisa dala jaise lal mirch - koi experience hi nahi.
Joke - Honeymoon - neeche honey, upar moon - usi se kaam chalana hai.
Joke - Kritika praises the AXIS branch a lot - don't tell what praise I do - ghar jamai hoke baithe hain - Oh I have laughing at myself all this while.
	Make my leaves into work from home - the attention that I gotta give.
Joke - Phone sutt dyo jekar chakna hi nahi.
Joke - he used to smile on the way to bank - o unu rati neend nahi aani (impact exploration).
Joke - Analogies kuggu hai wo, gaay hai, mendak ki tar tar shuru kar dega. Wo to naam same hai nahi to pataka jad ke dena tha gaal pe. Ghar jamai banke bank mein kursi todta hai.
Joke - Left home to save from thieves - wrote on the gate - corona inside.
Joke - Stating the obvious - what would have happened without that - Hritik tells Amisha to blow candles - she would otherwise lick, inhale smoke coming from candles.
Joke - I sparingly ask for cooking something so let me - but we gotta eat - you think I gonna cook; I will order and pretend I cooked it.
	Serious spin - jo aaj ganda banayega wo kal achha bhi banayega.
Joke - story with too many coincidences - let me also have it sometime - why never with us.
	flaws - writing letter in ship - abe post karne tera baap jayega.
	stuck in island and worried not about food and toilet but kaho na pyaar hai.
	fake accent not even mine. People run back and forth literally - running back to where they came from.
	Ladki acchi ho to 2-3 lifetimes to chal hi jaati hai.
	Underwater jaa ke saans de rahe hain - engg se doctor ke guna kahaan se? is it hygienic. My eyes closed - yours were wide open.
	Dhoni angry with him - search his name - Sushant's image comes.
	good college - for naukri and chhokri - so dance club joined - inspiring story.
	2 beats waited for aishwarya lift - were you waiting for abhishek bacchan to bring her down.
	find flaws with decision made - I can't let you die - later let him die in fight. He makes decision to fight.
Joke - Megha didi ko madam keh rahe ho, friend request kaise accept kar li - ki koi to aya. Bhaiya ka rule simple hai, don't know them? Then sir or madam.
Joke - Chalo eent to nahi aayi flipkart package mein - good jokes.
Joke - Zindagi milegi na dobara - joke by fabrication - pretend that chugli-ed person show up suddenly.
Joke - atomicity - chair at 60k - I will sit on ground and work - psychology. You guys go out for walk so that you can grill papa - callback humor.
Joke - listened songs till 4 - no difference so I heard - my ears. Chaukidaari self styled - who wakes at 4:30 so many jokes possible. 
Joke - sahansheelta - I didn't know you problem was that serious; anyways this increases your sahansheelta - Ok we will increase yours --> ok bring me hot water to increase yours (make it more specific for powerful punch)
Joke - Irony - Plant more trees on auto that carries logs to make paper.
	No1 dies a virgin cuz life fucks us all.
	robbery - gimme all your sadness. Pointers - Written on t-shirt - look at the dish - even double pointers.
Joke
	2 golden rules for marriage being wife is always right and if you think she is wrong slap yourself and read rule again. Very good jokes but I can't figure whether I should laugh or cry with those jokes.
	Dad how much does marriage cost - I am still paying for it (angle of vision)
	why women continue looking young cuz on karvachauth they pray meri umra mere pati ko lag jaaye (logic)
	b4 - yearning, after - earning. (word play)
	I am warning you first 2 years are hardest - how long are you married - 2 years. (Logic)
	Arranged marriages like lottery - lag gayi to lag gayi nahi to lag gayi. (word play - yamak)
	will you gimme ring on wedding day - sure, what's your number? (vakrokti from shlesh)
	why less divorces in arranged marriages - apni marzi se shaadi nahi kara paye to talaq kya karayenge. (logic)
	arranged marriage when snake bites suddenly. Love marriage when you look for it and it bites you. (analogy - utpreksha)
	sabko shadi karni chahiye - zindagi mein khushiyan hi sab kuch nahi hoti (sharp turn)
Joke - same rule bhi hai itthe vi, mai Canada nahi baithi (give unexpected response).
Joke - jaanleva dogs - aunty won't let them go. Aunty nu pellan chakko. Auntian magar paye ho - mennu lod hi nahi, jo mennu chahidi si.
Joke - cake khao, 7 lakiren nahi mitai thi - cake ki baat nahi hui thi.
Joke - hamara jeevan kharab ho gya - Paresh rawal style nahi abhi to shuru hua hai. Machhli ka kya hua - main paka ke kha gya. Obvious jokes - jokes should not seem like political statements. O bhai maze lo life ke. Joker vs batman - it's not just jokes but attitude of nothing is worth worrying over or taking seriously. In KC we know it is true but seriousness is also simultaneously true - so serious undercurrent and jovial facade make up an awesome combination. Eg - Nikka Zaildar - Oh mein Simran, bol rahi han - o kaun simran? Achha, simran. So attitude is avoid boredom not necessarily thru talks but thru pursuit of ashram intelligently and avoiding those who kill your time.
Joke - sadda jawai na bigad dayin. Kainda mere sass ton better hai. O mein kal wi khana khana hai itthe. Assi javaiyan patthe chakkide ne.
Joke - st - Oh bass kar meri maa or behen - bache ki jaan legi kya.
Joke - that's baba look - we need banda look.
Joke - Change config - Is home life an impediment in work - no other way round - work is impediment to home life.
Joke - Flexben from SAP - I have already bought table and chair and now I need to find my SIV - why don't you do RTS?
Joke - Friendzone, brotherzone; freedom.
Joke - breakfast - breakslow - break(very)fast cuz less time.
FND - PersonalErp - EQ - Channels of Grats at office or home
	Eyes - Variety of dress and attractive. Comfortable.
	Nose, Tongue, skin, ears.
	Mind - story about you - triggers for discussions - your rewards, funky quotes, your beliefs, niche that reminds you of targets, values, goals, etc.
	Intellect - Water Available. Quick access, organized workspace for time saving and effort result maximizing.
	ego - Achievements, certs in the niche. They reinforce and envigorate you at your core.
FND - PersonalErp - Mindful Workday
	The Mindful Workday introduction(Viewed)
	46s
	A peaceful morning commute(Viewed)
	5m 8s
	A mindful work surface(Viewed)
	8m 55s
	Approaching a one-on-one with your boss(Viewed)
	4m 24s
	Better breaks and downtime(Viewed)
	6m 30s
	Living break to break(Viewed)
	1m 57s
	Mindful meetings(Viewed)
	7m 20s
	The commute home(Viewed)
	5m 20s
FND - PersonalErp - Rational Thinking - Improving your thinking
	Anecdotes are not data(Viewed)
	3m 4s
	Burden of proof(Viewed)
	3m 25s
	Unexplained is not inexplicable(Viewed)
	1m 59s
	After-the-fact reasoning(Viewed)
	1m 38s
	Excluded exceptions(Viewed)
	3m 50s
	Coincidences happen(Viewed)
	2m 53s
	Regression to the mean(Viewed)
	3m 14s
	Representativeness fallacy(Viewed)
	2m 46s
	Ad hominem(Viewed)
	2m 35s
	Conclusion
	Next steps(Viewed)
	54s
FND - PersonalErp - Drive - People coming in from junction points so junctions are to be handled with care, never forget.
	High level view forgetting not allowed - if I move on, there is chance to get stuck. Overtaking while other coming from the other side.
FND - PersonalErp - Drive - large u turn and frowns. Or excessive curve without indicator - frowns.
FND - PersonalErp - 
	Characters - Tough's book outlines seven character traits that he says are key to success:
		Grit.
		Curiosity.
		Self-control.
		Social intelligence.
		Zest.
		Optimism.
		Gratitude.
	HEXACO - sounds like character things only.
	Personality - Awareness, Dressing, Mindset, Voice, etc.
	Behavior - CRUD (New, Familiar, Inc/Dec, Stop) X Dot, Span, Path (one time, period of time, from now on)
FND - PersonalErp - Typing speed benchmarking
	70 wpm - 2 errors = 68 fast ; 51 other place, 53 wpm 87 percentile rank 34 in 24 hours.
	You typed the 3:00 test.
		Your speed was 60 WPM with 98% accuracy!
	55 on another
	25, 45, 60, 80 - slow, average, fluent, fast, pro.
FND - PIES - wide exposure of world is requisite no matter what you want in world and also deep exposure almost guarantees greatness without individual humungous work. 
	Growth in PIES is nothing but association in 9 stages of bhakti. So be an architect of you like it - not in tag but in spirit - devp new end user products that fascinate.
	I truly like architect or manager - i just like arch word more - it captures choosing most optimal solutions and leveraging all that's known - association is gonna be the key - and "chance".
FND - PIES - vertical vs horizontal growth - vertical growth is purpose of a layer so mog but horizontal growth is both engagement for mop and expansion of passion or service attitude expression in material realm (favorable and also a result) which is mog - papa is very examplery in this sense - he knows the value of love and doesn't compromise vertical for horizontal - meaning self respect for sake of worldly approvals.
FND - PIES data - why is Syami so good at eq - cuz he associates with it (culture of jokes) and contributing - jokes, his talks, topics, etc; and he challenges himself - most important he desires to serve in every situation.
FND - PIES - arch sees tradeoffs across params and then picks the best.
FND - PIES - the point is not compromise correctness for sake of political correctness but do correct thing evaluated or filtered and expressed aptly by political correctness - that's the model for kc or yogic life.
FND - PIES - sume of networking.
FND - PIES - My iq phase and eq phase - were client side or mop in nature - now health phase will take pies to mog - in order to be a server. Little bit still will continue - me time mop but minimize it.
FND - PIES - discussion data - sequence is master data, abstract transaction understood, all exception captured or importance of abstract or standardization advocated by stories, transaction triggered by reducing pain and maximizing grats (external and internal motivators), standardizations thru config - urs and others - runtime and design time, finally chill reflections or retros - description or summaries, exploring - trends, pattern recognition, theorizing, estimation of ppl concretely; prediction - updating abstract and concrete models and prediction of future based on learnings; prescription - suggesting others.
FND - PIES - Retrospection on Spirituality (after NFP)
	gradient descent + associate with role models (of past and present for prayojan)
		restrict time requirement for retrospect - it is reflection on the jnana applied to a situation
	What's reqd is not experience all pleasures of world and not even restrict to only top down gradient descent.
		in my own life adding music and movies helped a lot - by creating fallbacks substitutes and learning sheer things.
		this all comes under ashram - what all facilities are available in material world - standardize all of them in usage.
		even with career, standardization comes under MOG - but gradient descent is the priority.
	being good in ashram means ability to invoke a service when required technology
		engineer level where any problem at hand can be solved in terms of available services (you gotta know about them or know how to know about them)
		architectural level where a function is planned by you or event is planned or orchestrated by you. And so on.
		also 1 good test of ashram is how well you perform in a random discussion session.
	Problem is I trigger gradient descent on spirituality after lapse or fall down.
		the gradient descent should be frequent and should be taken seriously - don't have to wait till hit but proactively make things better.
			don't have to wait before SG becomes sinful.
			even descent from SG to sinful is also normal w/o KC - cuz SG eventually follows laws of diminishing returns among other limitations but jiva has dependence on that layer cuz of missing higher layers' pleasures so to make up for the happiness lost, sth more dramatic and shocking needs to be done.
			for this reason even day course should be s.t priority follows from spirituality, career, home, etc.
		is problem with getting sinful at a particular layer - is sheer SG not a problem 
		well, in moderation it helps but if it's outta your plan and is dominating over you then that's a problem.
		how I am doing spiritually should be a question asked more frequently then on the exam day once a final year 
			the best performers fail often cuz they always keep checking where they are falling short.
		spiritually the challenge is not a small one 
			the remembrance in gratitude for Krishna should come naturally at the time of death which is characterised by all 3 fold miseries for e1 in the world. 
			And current state is we can't tolerate even mild provocations or mild setbacks or mild upset situations. 
			Of course, gotta solve them but the shit sticks - some try to snub that shit feeling with escape mechanisms but that doesn't help you spiritually. 
				Well even materially it disables some rewards possibilities.
	our sanskars and vrittis expressing themselves is something very normal and isn't strange.
		but KC practices (sadhana especially) and not exactly KC entertainment - give higher taste, subconsciously reduce dependence on lower layers, helps regulate.
FND - PIES Evolution
	IQ - this layering also exists in business world besides technical world (of course, business world seems to be a layer top of technical world)
		Technician, Engineer, Architect, Scientist
		may have its mapping to Varnas (BKVS)
	EQ - Emotional Engineer, Social engineer has negative connotations, talking about only the server side of things alone.
		Technician - good at certain craft. can make laugh in a situ; can share sth interesting information; provoke, motivate, etc.
		Engineer - can be entrusted with a task which will involve a set of skill to handle the situ 
			Eg - take care of guests, facilitatees, etc
		Architect - take projects to solve real world problems and knows how to coordinate it to its success.
			Eg - arranging marriage parties, birthday parties, calling friends for weekend party, etc.
		Scientist - knows the underlying knowledge and philosophy /fundamentals but socially accepted so when can contribute to the state of art in some way
			maybe representsation, new model, new paradigm, analogies, etc.
			TEDx is program of scientists in that sense.
	SQ
		Technician - knows a certain things and can discuss the subject matter (possibly in haphazard way)
		Engineer - can be entrusted with tasks like "motivating" counselees /subjects. His environment is all motivated cuz he knows.
			can solve someone's problems
		Architect - comes up with projects, can handle projects, has art to deal with complex situations - can offer guidance to other projects
		Scientist - Spiritual Scientist - like HG CCP - knows the full foundation, philosophy, can offer new insights into philosophical framework.
	PQ
		Technician, Engineer, Architect, Scientist.
	Engineer (verb) - skilfully arrange for (something) to occur
FND - PIES - Layers of learning from stories - Spiritual or real world stories or hypothetical stories Layers
	SaaS - story formulation cuz of interplay of people holding on to different philosophical ideologies (or worldly stands)
		Practical aspects can be learnt - managerial aspects, situations and solutions - interplay of lila.
		Eg - Pandavas fought cuz they had been wronged. Given the situation, their best bet would be to fight.
	PaaS - VA aspects (worldly considerations) - subtle aspects - premise - accept the world as it is - study it and make most out of it.
		philosophical aspects (includes mind, intellect, working of the world - science (physics), psychology, etc)
		abstract out from people involved and study what they represented or stood for and what that worked out in material terms - derive worldly lessons here.
		basically the study of material advantages from different long term stands.
		Psychological aspects of the story (more experiential that are present in the story); 
		all metaphors or abstract interplay of tattva at work.
		Eg - satyamev jayate - when adharma messes with dharma, it is destroyed. Never lose confidence in your righteousness.
	IaaS - Transcendental Aspects (includes soul, demigods, God, etc) - metaphysics 
		why it happens, whatever happens. Understand what's the deal with the world - what is it all about?
		//(noXXXX) study of all master data elements and their interplay. How God, Soul's nature, demigods, etc.
		abstract out from even the material situations and comment on the nature of different entities involved and what all it meant at that level.
		Eg - Pandavas fought cuz Krishna wanted. Arjuna although PD forgot BG by the forgetfulness induced by Krishna. MB was fought cuz Krishna wanted to remove the weeds.
			Ultimately it is all that Krishna ordained. It is prarabdha, etc.
FND - PIES - love and service - substitute of spiritual layer but not quite - spiritualists will better call it layers for sustenance of conditional needs. 
	What is it actually - Krishna has made it perfect so you can have it the way you like it. But factually called maya in shastra - illusory and not e1 can see it - it's deep.
FND - PIES - 1 purpose of VA is not just to witness anarthas of others but the ones inside us.
FND - PIES - self love
	first understand the self - it is pure soul that I won't criticize with self loathe and self hatred saying that I am such a bad person.
	a different outlook is that I am a pure lovable person currently in a given state (embodied state considered - subtle body) that may have some objectionable aspects
	on which I am willing to work to maximize my happiness. I will not hate myself for the spec on my shirt but I love myself so I will take steps to clean the shirt.
	if others enforce their world view on me for something that I have no control over - eg why you long enough for size of president - should I take new birth like Dhruva.
	so, don't let other decide life for you. You don't need anybody's approval - cuz others are bound to see you with your gross body and subtle body 
	and no clue for the pure soul within. So, don't seek validation but conform to the rules and principles cuz you believe in them for self and social well being.
FND - PIES - EQ - cost function
	high bias - in the beginning with already knowledge but what about missed opportunity with anomalies in the set. 
	yes, high probability of some behavior given a set of clusters but try to improve the analysis of people because statistics is generic behavior study and we deal with specific people in real world and they may be anomalies in the cluster. 
	So, preconceived notions are natural and tell a lot to start with (cuz of bias) but give time to have have predictors. Like in ML, we start with implementing algorithm and get some accuracy, F1 score and try to improve it over time 
	and that's over generic still, so specific should definitely be given chance over bias - else your error persists no matter how much error you throw at it.
FND - PIES - Mind is a repository - to replay the undergone emotions (sanskars) - think of it as a file - based on stimulus, the file is loaded to MM (conscious memory)
	Intellect is like a processor - the program of vrittis is already there - but we have capability to write a program of our own to change the default behavior for a given input buffer of mind.
	Ego is like UML or architectural decisions - it advocates what programs you are going to be written or you will write. Think of it as your world view and vision in that world view.
FND - PIES - Many problems are solved by redoing the stuff - factory reset solved the android problem. Regenerated the credentails for CAM tools.
	Any problem someone facing is my problem - cuz I take responsibility that the API works.
	add emotions - you will fight for it - but we don't want nice guys in company - we want passionate aggressive doers..no matter how they speak. Politeness can be an added advantage.
	Surabhi dd deserves it - that she picks fights and is thoroughly sceptic for any motion.
FND - PIES - Run Time clustering
	a set of 5 friends bond together cuz they are very similar in ways other than clustering criteria.
	this focusses on multiple dimensions (PIES) or sheer willingness.
	These are the people you will want to be with even after the clustering criteria is over.
	These belong to informal category - you like to meet them without a formal reason behind it and of course, because you like your time with them.
	ensure you don't lose on such people - these people should be valued by you
		these fellas have the nerve to put themselves in awkward situation of asking you to call them in your wedding and vv.
FND - PIES - compile time clustering
	we are brought together by the God or natural forces - eg being together in 1 college.
	this generally focuses on 1 dimension which is the criteria for all people to have clustered
	these people fall in strictly formal or formal touch category
	mutual help and healthy discussions beyond work life can be expected from this category - 7 not very friendly than at least work life should be in shape.
FND - PIES - VA will go on anyway maybe cuz of extrisic motivators - KC may add onto it (will actually) but something beautiful can emerge when experiences means something (without metadata on life, with the experiences even when God wants to help, he can't)
	Spirit is my purpose is to contribute - it so important that a person should rather work for free (compassion meals) than to avoid work - serve and this is what matters - results, place of work, situations are all secondary.
	management is meant to serve VA or creativity - some people think the other way round.
	Always start coding in methods - never in 1 flow - make sure they handle 1-2 "if clause" not a lot.
FND - PIES - VA - scribling down the ideas in random sequence with intent of finding what should be my criteria for pivoting my career.
	V put in place for growth in service attitude
	Expected use case of V is strong sense of achievement
		when do you get that strong sense of achievement - 
			when your service makes difference to people (NIC); 
			you were once a consumer and cherished that service a lot.
			good that you have appreciation for things around you - best table top designs, best OS, best softwares 
			your mind will hook at some places and you will want to know and explore more of it.
		not that it is easy but it should be worth it.
	Challenges
		Minimum effort Protocol - but the very fact you are attracted to it means you may have some temperament for it.
			you should not be out of your mind to get there - it is along the direction of what you already are.
		Find the closest set which matches with what you cherish - ensure that extrinsic motivators like money and fame ain't bottleneck 
			OR be confident that you will create a new market if it doesn't exist already.
			I have always cherished the innovation or research mindsets
				why should someone pay for research - it makes product better (functionally or non-functionally) or brings in new features hitherto unknown or new insights, etc.
				do it now - cultivate and act in that ego until the external role or identification happens.
FND - PIES - MMN map to FDDL.
	MOI - Fear - what desirable I lose or vv if I don't.
	MOP - Desire - what desirable I get and vv outta that.
	MOG - Duty (what am I doing for the object in return, gratitude or give > take or contract my weight)
		It intensifies into love where you are 1 with it.
	MOPG - MOG also has attachment - the thing that situates you in the mode - but it is going to be there anyway.
		Renunciation means renunciation of material [attachments] cuz you can't even live w/o 'em.
		you are in it cuz or as utility in KC - the thing can be switched if necessary
	Eg - CS, chant, Job, Relationship, Krishna, renunciation, sleep.
		duty towards CS - am I doing justice to all I have learnt - all desires cs has satisfied in me.
	MOG is standardization and regulation of desires into duties. MOP wants to suck enjoyment out like a sprint but marathon and consistency is more rewarding
		sukham is attributed to MOG not MOP.
		cleanliness does serve desires also but MOG person performs it in duty. So with mercy, penance, truthfulness, etc.
		?MOP is governing force of anarthas - contemplation => Lust = hankering (cuz of attachments find an expression - attachments is undercurrent of material bondage)
			Lust, anger, etc - ?is anger MOP or MOI - anger is insinuated from fear but desire mode crushed or dissatisfaction - it's like confrontation with your fears. We say anger if dissatisfaction has expression or depression/stres if doesn't.
FND - PIES - 
	affirmations for streaks
	affirmations made in that vocabulary also need to be evaluated
		there can be misuse, abuse of vocabulary usage and it shows up.
		maybe correct usage but statement made is wrong like with english.
		for good working, we need both good vocabulary (nouns) and good working knowledge (verbs that connect all the nouns)
FND - PIES - what makes anything funny in first place.
FND - PIES - Importance of lower foundations layers for higher layers to flourish
	we take lower layers as assumption but when it doesn't act that way it is discouragement for higher layer.
	eg - you take room before marriage - but if roommates make unnecessary things significant then relatively difficult to give your best at higher layer.
	so how important it is to find a good life partner cuz that's bond for life at least supposed to be. The person should be very similar in values, beliefs, etc.
FND - PIES - Excitement is not just in bhog but oscillation between bhog and tyaga
	REL icecream tongue touch is not just pleasure but missing it is also creates fun on later touch.
FND - PIES - Failure is not opposite of victory, It is a part of victory.. this is our first step ... We have to learn from this no need to feel about anything...
FND - PIES - Ashram - what are your ... (your own, wrt partner)
	fear - status, liability, spontaneity go on; cultural mismatch snubbing spontaneity.
		what you wanna avoid
	desire - spontaneity supported and facilitated; shortcomings fulfilled, vision on growth
		what you want outta them
	duty - KC, friends home, etc
		obligations / gratitude
	love - 
		you want in them
FND - PIES - Like PIES, SA also promises what PIES promise
	Why SQ, for Love. It's a need, want, concern - 
		all that we see in material world are limited in many ways - Even IQ offers love.
	How can you hate or use abusive words against one you are supposed to love. IQ but also EQ.
		eth reciprocates with love - if it doesn't go for better partner.
	Master your language - every word should be a best fit.
		feel free to converse with someone over IQ.
FND - PIES - Identities or Egos are not specializations of Object Oriented world but composition - strategy design pattern.
	Eg - Being male, punjabi, Indian, Hindu, etc - these are not object instance of some class but identities attached to the pure self thru composition or aggregation relationship.
	In specializations class is defined as "IS" of general class - which is not true with all these identities - these are all "HAS or CONTAINS".
	So, females are people, animals are people, Australians are people, etc - think again "are" or "have that identity"
	"IS" should be constitutional and not vary as per TPC (Time Place and Circumstance) 
		should be universal or bound by sheer logic
		Eg - Punjab citizen is an Indian Citizen. Of course talking about Indian Punjab and it is in current time - talking about 5K year before things didn't have same names.
		but as per scope of our application we can think of all these relationships and decide.
FND - PIES - Always have something new to learn in the month.
	1 hr something in Varna - consumption or child level demo of professionals - internet is good but don't remove friends.
	2 hr something in Ashram - same theme.
	don't sell yourself to public opinions - follow your own convictions how you will like to grow. Which ecosystem is most suitable for your growth.
	What use is money if not spent on Love. It is. Only thing being love is one of the most important use cases.
FND - PIES
	Love your imperfections every angle.
	Love > Truth. Even if it ain't justified, doing it just for the reason that it makes them happy is enough.
		don't be a wall of truth. But love should have foundation of truth and if sees a bickering, truth's gotta be the fallback.
		Don't be overly dependent on the worldly love - because if it doesn't reciprocate you are busted - you should be adaptable and reciprocative as per demand.
			Of course, not like a toy - want it at a certain level but adapting as per other person's willingness to have it at that level.
	Love is all that matters according to me
		be willing to make sacrifices and going a step ahead in that - never lose them - even taking risks for the sake of love
		trust makes you a little vulnerable and it is based on past track record and decide that the trust won is worth that amount of risk 
			facing the risk actualized is a broken trust, and also is a broken relationship; but your relationship was worth that leap of faith!
		but it is glorious to be rich
	Love
		Love is a must with eth - love for senses or love for ego like CS.
		Krishna says indulgence in work is better for neo and cessation for pro.
			if you are already at ultima then you shouldn't mind work 
				cuz Love for other things if Krishna wants is DS 
				OR it won't impede your DS but you are in MW so gotta do. Love for every entity is different game but there maybe tradeoffs between some Loves.
				Rupa G defines Bhakti as renounce all egos. but without egos you can't even function within world.
					My interpretation - your love for Krishna has become so viscous that all egos have become just details to your core.
					It's like the intense brightness of sun is fading away the brightness of Bulb.
FND - PIES - Contemplation on life force and SP - all that's left is list of names.
FND - PIES - Discretize the resources for better abhidhyeya
	Eg - Rooms in Temples vs open spaces, Time division by hour (old system also had sandhyas, muhurtas (45 mins each - 30 in a day), nimish, etc)
FND - PIES - How animals learn to act a certain ways - reward punishment - cost function and ultimately he is summation of our eigen vectors - triggers for eigen vectors and repeat for its values.
FND - PIES - Also this means that it is so important to reward yourself when some intellectual achievement or ego achievement by mental entertainments like dancing so that your brain gets wired accordingly.
FND - PIES - Punah Punashcharvita Charvananam - different flavors same dish - not to say that they are not important but they are more of means than goal.
	like you need road to drive but driving is not a goal in itself it is a means to sth - again driving can be an enjoyable experience but only driving for the heck of it, is immature picture from spiritual standpoint. Love platform for sth in every layer is glorious but not seeing the aspects outside is just immaturity. So, love encompasses duty aspect inside of it - it doesn't exist without rationale, it transcends rationale when it grows further a threshold but doesn't deny it.
	it is important to do this gradually else moving either extreme of pendulum makes you act immaturely.
FND - PIES - Varnashram
	Varna - How good a server you are.
		specializing in 1 field gives you edge over others - propels you towards leadership (architect)
		leadership is a requisite quality of an architect - people will challenge why this and not that
			any idea is a success when you can persuade it to success - theory to practical - this requires your fellows to trust you and share your passion
			don't say I can do - bring it to the table.
			in a brainstorming meeting, you should bubble with ideas and fill the holes in the proposed plan - eg- building an airport in interview.
				in such meetings, how to do tasks is understood by the team.
			better still is the presentation kind meeting - where you question the completeness and correctness of proposed plan who has thought thru the solution.
				in such meetings, the best way of performing a task is postulated.
		with least effort protocol you can focus on other fronts as well - like spirituality and ashram, which you wanna.
	Ashram - How good a client you are.
	you cluster based on how similar you are (or willing to be) and your values are - either like you or like how you like to be.
		but though good server we need client relp with them and vv.
FND - PIES - Ego Achievement
	While making sume I realized something.
	There ain't no risk as long as I can prove something.
	If I "AM" a DS then I can prove how I have been using my time and that will have its full impact (it's as if you officially had that role)
	Also beyond fear lies victory, the psychology wants to maximize pleasure and minimize pain but no pain, no gain.
		iow, if you are not already in full alignment with the motion then every experience or example that you witness will create a profit and cost function.
		thus you get an march for gradient descent until you are in full alignment and are acceptable.
		what about SQ - where are you testing yourself for alignment over and over again until you know that you are.
			death is the test according to Krishna - iow, when all layers of existence starve for happiness what's your fallback (or fallforward)
			worldly setbacks already are putting yourself to test - don't worry - 3 fold material miseries are always there for e1 - Krishna promises that.
			of course you can escape the setbacks using fallbacks instead of fallforwards but then it's your problem of not doing bhakti of SQ.
			many people starve material pleasures completely even as simple as tasty food to test for alignment (forced to align else you suck)
			there is also a conception of overdose - if you feel overdosed with that layer that means you are not completely there yet.
			how can we choose setbacks - taking troubles for Krishna 
				check if you can take the heat of compromised lower layers of gratification (not fully starved) but increased spiritual pleasure.
				in fact, just doing the act is itself a success but also a test.
			even fall forward has great spiritual pleasure associated with it.
			Please note that our purpose should not change from maximizing our gratification at all the layers
				because in beginning we don't have high spiritual gratification that we can fully rely on that 
				and so we be in MOP at all layers in the beginning until we stabilize the layer for more of higher layer pleasures.
				more the investment, the greater is the gratification received at that layer.
			Your dependence on lower layers is itself a proof of not being at a state of acceptance.
		iow test yourself against it until you succeed is the key.
FND - PIES - Dare but keep it time bound - after 30 mins overdue and if tickets were yet not complete you need to inform that we need to have another meeting or take a conscious call from your side.
FND - PIES
	Past and future - fear, hankering; lamentation (what I didn't), what I could do.
	Diwali accident - rudhiwaadi, Aindra Prabhu ,etc.
	Not that I know what's best for me. But let Krishna override whatever is best for bhakti - you have narrative but our assumption of what's best is not necessarily true.
FND - PIES - tapa is always experience to tolerate cuz that doesn't give instant grat but only promises it.
FND - PIES - Is trans satisfaction bad for economics - it seems that it is.
FND - PIES - stealing different spectrum and essence being - not having paid price for some product, service, action - so fear of confrontation.
	different from privacy that in private data you are not fearful but assertive that it is something personal to me so kindly don't bug me.
FND - PIES - Health - all resources at their best for every day.
	Physically - exercise and Yoga in morning.
	Mentally - Songs, Jokes, book reading.
	Intellectual - abstracts of my works thru the days. Puzzles solving.
	Ego - mirror facing affirmations and mantras to start the day.
	Sp - PIES contemplations (my todays's contexts and targets; Plans for gradient descent threads), Practical higher layer (BG, Motivational, Fundoo lectures)
FND - PIES - wrt to IQ
	Spiritually speaking, it is almost never about money as the goal but money as the means and stability of a layer for higher pursuits as the goal of a layer as MOG.
	But in beginning just don't think about it too much. MOG is more of an attainment than target of the beginning - theoretically starting off with MOG is possible but practically speaking people arrive at it from MOP.
FND - PIES - I am grateful for so many things but do I have things to bitch about in present and past? 
	well, everybody has but to focus on them doesn't help you or serve you.
	We want to focus on positive so that "energy flows where the intent goes" and of course, gratitude is gratification itself.
		also if you are saved by umbrella from getting drenched - thanks to umbrella but not having one is not a problem with umbrella but an improvement scope with ourselves - we have to know things and principles and laws as they are and align to them for our betterment - remember, as per philosophy you are also a doer not just nature and god.
	I want hourly scrum from myself and then daily scrum from team won't seem like micromanagement but as right granularity of discussions.
	See EQ I want only 1/2 hr per day as normal mean, health not more than 1/2 hr and Spirituality 1/4 hr - whole day is primarily only IQ so what's the problem?
		just have minimal dependence on gratifications of material layeres - and be better at abstract ego and concrete egos. Don't just be good but among the best, rather the very best.
		the qualification for best is not complicated - it is not a guy who slogs the most but the guy in most alignment - he is faster, best planner, best optimizer, an artist, etc.
		We should be 3 standard deviations ahead of the curve but pretend to be 1 standard deviation ahead of curve only - so that expectations are not unnecessarily raised; others are not terrorized with performance pressure and you have time for things that really matter to you - wrt work and outside also.
			here you should finish the work faster with better quality but keep exploring for depths in the other times until it can revealed that you just did.
FND - PIES - High +/- given its due weight - not over excited with things that's cost function or proof of your spiritual health.
	you don't accept my ecosystem then your worries not mine. Thiss should not be attitude towards others, forget svajan. Like CS engineer, accept current system (as made), and solve current problem in terms of facilities and not you make system as I want and then I solve it.
	we are ever-well wisher of even others, unconditionally.
	really love people proportionately - not pretense. Like someone helped my HR process for company - I am really grateful for informal talk.
	2020 goals - healthy PIES. standardized like gun firing.
	paying the price for it - I like philosophy - even that of CS - but I am really good at industry stuff also - cuz I have paid the price for it - called tapa or tapasya.
	kali has the thing - short tolerance, self centered - we are also no angels in this regards but pay the price for spirituality.
FND - PIES - gratitude for Surabhi not taken for grante3d by commenting on higher layer
	my informal talks were not pretention but authentic gentlemanly. I like people case studies - so really interested in their personal details also.
	Gentlemanly behavior I exhibited of saying that we could have interview some other day if her health was not ok.
	Ppl stories
		as jokes - at their expense - avoid as in fly on stool behavior.
		as lessons, abstract the story; empathize the behavior even own it - as if you were the one doing it - bring lessons - spiritually it is very powerful.
	Pessimism is not minimizing the positive high or excitement of positive but seeing negative in that (other side). Spirituality is emotional resilience - not highly sensitive to worldly grats and pains (not dependent) - giving things their due weight.
FND - PIES - wall around us - crutch of jokes to avoid uncomfortable situations like chandler
	being funny is never a goal but means - serious atmosphere and you are funny - ain't ok - do things in funny way - yes, but without compromising the seriousness of it.
	it's like how you write papers.
	but any serious discussion - u gotta be a part of that not ignoring or joking but contributing
		run time clustering - discussion for a vision (chosen center of attraction).
			discussions on product designing
			discussions on solving issues or challenges faced (worthy of concern degree)
		compile time clustering - based on skillset and achievements you belong to SAP.
			this can become a criteria to bring people together but ain't enough
			4 ppl on innvent come together cuz they have relevant skills - here clustering criteria is not just being similar but rightly different!!
			if it was only trivial divide (and conquer) the problem and eb does technical thingy - it's ok but it will require some discussions to make the best emerge.
			people could have made a software programs and multiple ways but let's come up with asymptotes notations to help rate how fast a program is gonna run 
			(scientist does that and e1 else follows)
	anything you take you gotta pay the price man - bhakti - time, money (also equate sacrifices, think relationships or allies outside the box you work in), effort 
		gotta standardize the standard things - and that discipline takes effort - it's not a joke to work on weekends for sth you wanna grow (but it will if you are stern)
FND - PIES - Sp Grats => Lesser dependence on lower layers grats but not quantity of SQ but quality of SQ which matters here.
	Fallback of spiritual grats - ego grats - Scrum of PIES everyday.
	EQ Enjoyment should be rare and need based (MOG not MOP).
	Learn Car is EQ ego in MOG when done at right time.
	Some learn MOG from MOI (pinch then be), other from MOP (excessive then regulate); smart ppl based on predictions of future needs.
	I'm in indian realm (of course, different grains and clusters to it) like class in school - platform supposed to take us further not stagnate or take below.
		we open windows for winds but continue to stand on our own feet. Compromise with our foundation - no! Change foundation is not a great idea.
FND - PIES
	Auspiciousness is in alignment with knowledge. Even if not, still Krishna's grace makes most out of a situation (given the premise of your choice) - that's shraddha (trust).
	Auspiciousness in worldly matters takes material knowledge cultivated from material associations or sources (people) but again due to oneness with Absolute Truth - Krishna facilitates or helps make most outta that.
FND - PIES - Varna excitement may seem to be MOP wrt transcendence but it is MOG wrt to material existence (can be MOP also) 
	cuz we do exist in here and ignoring it is MOI wrt to material world although it can be MOG or MOI wrt to transcendence.
	in material world the MMN mixture is a must for normal functioning.
FND - PIES - 
	EQ - Application vs platform - Microeconomics vs macroeconomics - most people worry about given the premise how to make most of personal monetary rewards. But some people create platforms to enable those people, i.e politicians or economists. Platform makers but transcendental to them are economists who write papers and propose what's in best interest given the current situation of country and the world. These are the research and development guys - where development is platform making.
	SQ - spiritual practitioner as consumer. as a server to end users. as a platform developer - making temples. Making plans for eb needs for spiritual services, social outlook, etc - these are platform makers and RnD thinks about how should services be planned - GBC and Spiritual master is platform developer for the disciples.
FND - PIES - We should choose a life of self imposed Pressure (concerns)
	SQ - BD; Knowledge sharing on Quora; Tune standardizations for sankirtan.
	EQ - Monthly adventure/ trip; 
	IQ - Monthly 1 interview; Peer Services; customer incident/time ratio.
		Standardize DS - resume - help, tools.
	PQ - Weights
	Why SQ? Sthitaprajna and bet of ultimate happiness of greatest love (maturity (jnana), fearlessness).
	IQ - akana nahi, thakna nahi, jhijhakna nahi - quality sleep. 3 things to do today protocol.
FND - PIES
	EQ - News (official, personal, levels in betweeen); stories, jokes, talents (sing, dance, etc)
		complimenting someone or personal interview (how is life after marriage or if decided, how does it feel, practical personal or relevant questions)
FND - PIES - too much avoidance - yukta and need and interest concerns
	IQ - yukta for IQ
		for selected ego solve probs for good services.
		too much - Steals jobs from market => disservice instead of service to society.
			affects PIES; sign of not focussed with life (lots of waste TME), focus would have given you high profile in 1 line of choice.
			Taken advantage of - we want to but you even reduced jobs in market only to work like ass.
			It should be about "we" not "me" - sign of missing understanding of togetherness - leads to time lost; relp gained with others are leveraged.
		too little
			low level life or profile; lesser resources to enjoy (results); taken for granted, no importance in workplace or outside.
			greater need for mental grats.
			no justice to what's possible for you or who you are meant to be. Unfulfilled life not doing justice to your talents - no leverage in services or contrib which are spiritual aspects in the material projection.
	about - too much of PIES backfires.
		too much of jokes, little analysis; no charm - no cracking cuz bored.
		too much sq - burnt. TME invested which doesn't service.
		BG notes for all but thorough for brahmacari. Being servers in the line. explore but not exhaustive (things that don't serve narrative from past not help in future are waste)
	EQ - ability to relate to ppl and avail services on demand. Awareness of all topics on earth (full detour) is not required like baseball players in US I need not know for now.
		too much - affects PIES; ppl won't respect if you are always high.
			others may feel belittles or not ACK - affects relp devp - sth you and sth I.
			invoke emotions of envy, etc.
		too little
			costly deals; cost at times and ending up fighting - cuz didn't know all options.
			suffering compromises cuz didn't know about all the facilities. wg - wait cuz didn't know that bus service exists for where you were.
			affects paths we take our life - bearing on PIES. no body told me - is not acceptable argument.
			can't elicit services - asking cahnge, some help with understanding, filling gaps, etc.
	PQ - Health for all kinda services. SQ - no compromise on PIES.
		too little - Affects PIES; Blunt axe effect; lesser resourcefulness.
		too much - affects pies; less relatable (different diet - only juice, only salad in lunch, too much height or weight, etc), too much biceps is also cluster out.
	SQ - 
		too little SQ - infatuation with PIES - S gratifications even sinful zone is not very surprising cuz not everyone know art of health at all the layers without SQ.
			very externally conscious and no internal sound => less genius and swayed by situations, emotions, external sensitivity => Fear, etc.
			Material reasons - 
				FDDL - Fear of lost opportunity (of human life and associations, etc); Desire (profits in material world and other ways)
				Duty (traditions, culture, cluster out, etc), Love (pain to family, transcendental aspect)
			Spiritual Reasons - Shallow life, hell, anima species, devolution, not controller of life, SG tossing you, cycle of birth and death.
				Strongly affected by external circumstances, immature (no complete picture), thrills of life, fearful, no gentleman.
		too much - burnt out; affect other aspects of life - PIES - not experiencing life completely
			forgeting platforms of VA. Great run but marathon it is.
			Acts > realizations - may lead to reduced faith in long run.
FND - PIES - what's your fallback in temptations - Krishna but also at different layers. Sadhana, report, addiction.
	Face things head on; choose better fallbacks
FND - PIES - life should be based on Reciprocation of love and Legacy of love - not so much on desires - desires also like in college subjects were chosen cuz of desire besides other reasons like already having lead, best contri, etc but life much easier and interesting with the former taking the frontlines.
	worldly love is projection of spiritual love and so is very important - expression of gratitude by economic exchanges (reciprocation of duty (not love exactly)), being or engaging one's intel as nourished, speaking good about, giving effort and time and money in that direction (prana, artha, dhiya, vaca).
	YT has helped me so much grow in PIES - why not I also contribute to the open source motion.
	love for family should be one of factors for decisions and even taking initiatives. love for CS, love/ affection for professors, love for spiritual teachers and seniors.
FND - PIES - Evolution - keep evaluating your health (where you stand)
	IQ - Masters makes you architect or innovator (product's perspective) until you be formally an architect.
		PhD makes you an RnD guy or an innovator (from industry perspective not 1 product)
		all CS specializations are doable with graduation level skills but architectural understanding or understanding the plethora or complete ecosystem is either lotta experience or relevant courses in masters or otherwise.
	EQ also has concept of growth from tech to RnD 
		tech - being a normal consumer.
			this is - you need it you get it.
		engr (asked to do some work as part of larger picture) - I will serve this big picture by finishing off this thing.
			think a piece of task that involves a set of things to do - eg buy a car, eg buy kitchen requirements like veggies for function - involves knowledge of what's good, bargain, rapport, etc.
			these can be like tasks given in events.
		arch (Event Planner and executioner - Think College fests (not whole even department handling is a part of it), think marriage, think a trip) 
			standardized social services, standardized products, standardized people and contacts, some worldly eg.
			college time is opportunity for tremendous growth in this.
		RnD (jugadu) - given a situation, I will find a way.
	SQ
		tech - normal knower of things. Services - temple services, voice services, etc.
		engr - department heads. Kitchen. Preaching books in charge, veggies, etc.
		arch - preachers, managers, new place like gulbarg preaching. basically given a concept how well it is being carried out. Think managers, prez (also can do RnD) etc.
		RnD - Introducer of new concept like college preaching, congregation, hospitals, etc. Think SM or empowered repr - called leaders.
	PQ - exerciser to specific ones to able to guide others to new exercises.
	GQ - Ego or values, beliefs also have - RnD (inception of idea, values), arch (advocates or preachers of ideas on social media, etc), engr (practitioner of values and beliefs, choosing a suitable culture or tradition that meets them AMAP), tech(aware of ideas).
FND - PIES
	PIES is abstract but VA are concrete realms.
	FDDL EQ VA - there for you; planning together for the best (conferences); ne1 in need, others help; reciprocation and legacy (not taken cheaply, lightly or for granted).
	FDDL IQ VA - ability to guide - either know or know who would know (never clueless, no shame in seeking help); big robust attractive systems; money vs efforts, engagement as trained; "being" and eth cultivated engaged properly.
	FDDL SQ - no lost opportunity; proper engagement and inspirational community; legacy, reciprocation, etc; legacy.
	FDDL PQ - no probs; healthy looks and feel, tasks done; legacy; legacy.
	FDDL GQ - no counter culture or culture shocks; apt culture and tradition; advocate or firm stand; legacy, reciprocation.
FND - PIES - 
	MOI means not paying the price. want drugs for artificially triggering the emotions that otherwise would take a lotta price to pay.
	MOP means paying the price but willingness to work too hard for the reward or fruit - it is pretty respectable platform. But MOG is better.
		people who rely on cheap politics have this component of MOI in them. MOP would excel the show like lion - I am different breed, kid. MOG does eth knowledge based - what's needful.
	Must have friends. socialize is necessary for me - TED talk - that's freedom from extreme grats you seek. It's healthy.
		all are friends on different degrees or scales but all are.
		invest in everyone and relationships as much as possible and when bond already exists, maintain them thru TME and reciprocate with them or carry on the legacy of love.
		alertness is so important - little inattention wrt draining internet after succumbing and lo! behold! what was expected anyways.
FND - PIES - MOP - high profits and cost functions - they try to minimize those pain points and get material prosperity in return.
	MOI is low profits and cost functions - and hacking in profits and so forth.
	KC is about regularizing that cost functions. Neither too much nor too little - too much and it's a wasted effort; too little and it's not enough the price.
		Too high cost functions are unfavorable for devotional service so gotta tolerate, accept material world for what it is (duhkhalayam ashashvatam) and not lament, hanker, etc.
		Eg - trying for BEST bet in buying something or best bargain - will consume your TME too much; better than that is being reasonable enough in your expectations.
		Not that it has to be phenomenally the best in existence but it is what it intends to promise - service, your value system, contributions, etc.
		The functions should be such that there is a stretch - the material world is planned this way so that no matter how talented you are the MMN will guarantee that you are somewhat dissatisfied with some things and are well rewarded with others.
FND - PIES - Narrative or story is ours to make within material realm. Krishna gives high level guidance but nothing specific.
	So what decision should I make - there are some guidelines but you decide your story or better still if your story is dedicated in service of transcendence - maximize the higher story whatever it takes.
FND - PIES - I get many ideas on the go thru PnC of what is known. I take some time out for remuneration (corollaries, interrelationship, etc). This should not be compulsive but have the ability to have svadhyaya on topics you cultivated by end of day in right window - that's healthy.
FND - PIES - When people with different ideals come together there are bound to be clashes which are like waves of circles intersecting with each other - so natural and obvious but that's where you need to discuss like adult and come up with a transcendental ideal which accomodates all or 1 persuades the other with righteous course (or vv, if unlucky or weak), or tolerate if nothing can be done about it - eg - you won't rebel against Aurangzeb army alone (just gotta tolerate the rules).
	this accomodating others (even anarthas in others) although displeasing is in alignment with Krishna's ideology of going selfless like mother. Not that you don't discuss for perfections but discussions are centered around love for the soul.
FND - PIES - Everything has a price. Making friend has a price to pay paid in terms of TME. Now given our resources, we decides what's worth our TME and keep investing.
	The problem is you don't value friendship that much that you would invest your TME in that.
	The solution is identify the end goals like shopping, adventure trips, etc that you take interest in and try out people of certain level to qualify for the next level of relationship. We will pay the price so that there is a mutual exchange of P2P relationship that you feel excited about.
FND - PIES - From sp perspective, given the conditioned state there are 2 characteristics or features to persue - Story and narrative.
	all discussions are more spicy when they have story (as already done; substitute of pastimes) and narratives (what do you want to happen - execution trace of what happen wrt me).
	Just like ego characterised by beliefs and values.
	The social implecations of these are also interesting.
FND - PIES - Narrative - what is and what should be or want to be. Stories - what happened, what should have happened. How stuff works.
FND - PIES - VA - engagement is good for new, but advanced cessation is the means - meaning Eventually direct service is more powerful. But for new, even indirect service thru following Krishna's ideology is very purifying and path to betterment.
FND - PIES - be broad minded - overreacting to material stimuli cuz not broad minded but narrow or cripple minded.
FND - PIES - G1 talmal - eth is perfect, everything, then I am happy - you sure about that? assuming my mind doesn't trouble with hankering and lamentation or other jivas, and nature and what not. so it is talmal. There is so much external and internal dependence of enjoyments so choosing the path of bhog vritti is not the best bet - that is how the material world is being designed - purify our desires while fulfilling them - just need to know what is the right game to play.
	what a bad bet to make complete investment in mat.
FND - PIES - Ego - story (narrative) - social side of ego. Growth (personal side of prayojan) vs beliefs (roadmap, visions - FOE), values for consistency on path. Sat Cit Ananda being prayojan and sat cit being abhidhyeya.
	goals are more intellectual phase.
	focus, execution, discipline, balance, success, fame.
FND - PIES - Solving the problem is far more important than impressions in people's mind - difference between correctness and political correctness - while the latter is important, it is not a substitute of the former.
FND - PIES - sometimes you are extending yourself in service and people may question you for it which is not pleasant.
	their questioning is also to guard anarthas, betterment in EQData, etc so should be respected - not to avoid but accept.
	obstacles that increase the fondness are also glorious like nasik for shurpanakha is glorious cuz that increase pastimes flavors. Yatila and Kutila are liked by Krishna cuz their obstacles increase fondness of meeting.
	if you want to focus on their anarthas for questioning it and not doing it (rendering services) - encourage them next time or reduce your service to them by a margin and let them taste their medicine.
	need for rendering service is far more important than judgements from viewers or audience, so don't be discouraged. SP says even if you get to serve for free, do it (it is that important) but don't do it cuz then you will end up serving anarthas in 7.
FND - PIES - Entertainment should be secondary to EQ or ashram. So, Day planning should have entertainment at the end.
FND - PIES - the stand is never the one to avoid personal pain and pleasure but pursue excellence and ideals - yogi is not so much into WIIFM mode but WIIFE mode.
FND - PIES - What comes after health - being giver probably.
FND - PIES - VA - is exploitation realm is 1 view - another is it's service realm - that's what really rewards. VA is both tech for increased service attitude and tendencies engagement - get rewarded for it - some may call it world of exploitation but it's not - not paying due price? well, e1 gotta now or later.
FND - PIES - Health - compulsive calling is not healthy - discussing concerns in regular calls and discussions is great but too much asking, spending too much time in deciding something, etc are not signs of great health.
FND - PIES - Health - First rule - I don't fear. Challenge the protocols if you don't agree with them. Challenge sb authority politely.
	People come up with mindless protocols - Sir, we don't give vehicle away on sunday so come in morning 
		question is why, what I want, why making exception - I have option of coming up with narrative that he would not like (beware him).
		someone may tell a new aspect of protocol - express annoy for why it was not told upfront 
		of course, you talks for protocols expectations should also be upfront and avoid 11th hour surprises like we don't deliver to home
	talk like you are concerned and you are giving voice to your concerns - even go abstract - so you expect that a person would.... This is not how it should be...
	Maturity means seeing a transaction in the larger picture - there is a legal system that this transaction comes under.
		There is national legal system; under which there is company registered; under company there are branches or franchises; Within branch there are transactions happening - so there is a full setup taking care of right set of transactions to take place.
	Interleaving between transactions across different consumptions - context switch, or pre-emption 
		should be seamless - it is like we want many things done in least time so overlap is necessary. We don't want to be oldest uni-processor kind systems but multi-processor kind systems.
		This concept applies not just in ashram but also in varna. You should be able to perform context switches properly.
			Means ability to remember the contexts completely. Confidence in ability to handle every situation.
	Like in varna, demand that you need to see the complete picture. Only then you can contribute independently.
	Like someone saying you at temple instead of writing mail to HR - see concern is legitimate in terms of saving yourself MOI wrt to VA but if you want one at the expense of another then also it is MOI wrt another layer and either state is proof of bad health.
		You really have unhealthy lifestyle if while focussing on one you can't context switch to the other.
FND - PIES - Lord is the protector - have you seen for driving - how Krishna gives intelligence and right situations are orchestrated so that I learn properly but all initiated by my willingness, of course. Faith increases.
FND - PIES - Health to Giver - Microrealm change - IQ, EQ - my current residence is ashram - microrealm change.
	Gratitude for e1 b4 leaving the realm is health on your part. But e1 grateful to you when you leave is being a giver.
FND - PIES - ego achieved or validated < Ego engaged in high contribution
	actual function of ego - cost or profit function is the latter. But former is very important.
	ML and analytics - but no masters. If B.Tech guys are engaged in it. Yes but 8 year experience is master of 2 years in acads - is newbie same as experienced fellow.
FND - PIES - Health - Every experience has 2 flavors 
	it helps abstraction creation for oneself and others guidance and discussions.
	it's a story to share - it can exception from abstraction corroboration or diversion from default successful scenario in FOE diagram.
		a good story invokes emotions in yourself and the listener
		So, that's what you should always be doing. wrt to every sphere or microrealm you can come up with a set of stories (your own, others', etc).
		News is nothing but stories. It also has abstraction side for developments using possibilities but that's like good news.
FND - PIES - Health - IQ - my current SAP phase is helping me in health. That how to make statements in office way - I am stuck by these set of bugs. MMA - where is my time being spent and to what end. Concept of stories completed and pending stories forked from them to state the incompleteness status. Architect role is very risky so he wanted to come back to senior developer role - being is far important than role taking in organizations. It is being that I target for myself.
FND - PIES - Health - EQData - Abhinav coming - no tension cuz any random choice is also a valid choice. Exploring non-deterministic experiences is ok and interesting but going for deterministic experiences would be far better. Pursue deterministic options else others are always there. Idea is not to be dishonest but present yourself as you are without the urge for validation or approval. Political narrative is clear in your head to pursue but you are not insecure with anything.
FND - PIES - Health - This vanishing of NFP desire when challenge of welcoming Abhi was put - this much more than thanking for assistance from transcendence (rather than rebel reason) is a key for permanent solution - keep yourself challenges by higher layers. Keep facing your fears every day and live life to fullest.
FND - PIES - My current phase of health is further under the umbrella of ego layer of existence where I challenge myself and scare myself every single day and ask myself in scrum if I am there yet - gradient descent every single day.
	Before phase of EQ and IQ, SQ were all happening at intellectual level and b4 that was mental or emotional layer - having fun with different things phase. Ego phase is not about intellectual - achieved this and achieved that - even fun is achieved in that phase like finishing marvel movie series.
	This phase is Ego phase - be this and be that. It's a life of discipline and dedication and accountability and MMA. It's a pursuit of being an architect at VAS. It's about challenging yourself with your fears to be where you want not immaturely but with maturity and gradient descent with cost and profit functions.
	Only 3 things to care for - Varna, Ashram and Spirituality and being architect at all the 3. Taking full responsibility by being an architect. 
		Actually, there is 1 more layer called foundation (or utils, libraries, or dependencies like physical health, mental health of game playing, intellectual health of fast reading). But I have never taken time out for it separately and has always been a parallel thread which it should have always been.
FND - PIES - Health - to be an architect, you gotta be a book reader of your specialization and gotta understand the who's who standardization to be invoked when desired.
FND - PIES
	How do ppl resist transcendental plan for health (wider usage)
		MOI - escaping them somehow. 1st pick - avoiding effort or price. Postponing.
		MOP - obsession obstructing regular routine duties.
		!MOG - Resisting home work and expected vigilance at work.
	How to health - 
		MOP - dare to pay the price and no fear.
		MOI - let go attitude - the choice doesn't have to be heavenly or dang best.
		MOG - doing homework, proper study, etc.
	Spending some time with emotion - health - subtle body impact else thru MOI.
	Study > case study. Case studies assist study but not a substitute. Of course, may lead to learning over experiences but can also give anti-learnings cuz of human errors and can be slow.
FND - PIES
	Tolerance is a important but so is what you do about it. when provoked, for now you gotta tolerate you must else that shitty feeling makes some go wild. But do something about it - that undesirable feeling has a seed for gradient descent saying that something ain't right at some level - individual, team, work, etc.
		For this spiritual gratification channel is necessary but not enough.
		Yes channels of higher layer grats assist a lot but gotta tolerate some upheaval and endurance of denial of grats for some time is required. This talent is important.
	Gradient descent on NFP is desirable - so not upset that something reappeared but questioning every single time why it did and trying to get better to increase the frequency this time cuz that mistake should not repeat and NFP is also an opportunity to do more of "right" thing in stretch so in long run, surprisingly, you would thank NFP even if it persisted.
FND - PIES - health is to give best performance in spite of shortcomings in other areas like even NFP.
	what's the opportunity here - intense dose of medicine is needed - cuz of locality of reference.
		This attitude is in long run. The lapse has potential for given returns that even normalcy could not yield. 
		1hr of spiritual sadhana else ego sadhana to change pattern; 
		inspiration association in all layers? - actually a good idea.
	we gotta change the pattern - aphrodiziacs should be avoided cuz won't help the purpose.
		hankering phase (if indulging directly), break it thru immediately available alternate grats which are acceptable kind (dharma aviruddha (not 0/1 but still))
	So prayashcit or paschattap + medicine dosage -> inspiration kick b4 draining internet.
	Not just grats even lifestyle can be dharma viruddha - scale 0 to 1 - pap of different degrees - eg - walking around bare neglecting others self interest - agitating others.
FND - PIES - Exit is also full fledged layer like material world is to transcendence. And so it should be systematic. So, like transcendence is complete, even the exits of material life are complete from debugging and understanding perspective. 
	Eg
		to relate, indulgence and child birth - the only choice exercised and then framework took over.
		Similarly, being in male body, already puts you in a framework where testosterone does get secreted in your body and affects or influences your mind in certain ways. 
		Another eg - Law of karma is transcendental in execution but in out exit space of material realm we need to discourage the mischievous elements. This is more like social exit and not personal exit in framework of transcendence.
	Some configuration level changes and exit choices and framework plans accordingly - changing the flow of events, direction, supporting something or not and so on.
		Transcendental platform or framework caters to personal and social levels. Our actions can be clustered into personal and social exits in that framework. Eg - law or justice social exit and personal food choices as personal exits.
		That's why BG is so important - it tells you documentation of your exits - eg what you associate with, you eventually get attached to them - be it sense objects, persons, Krishna or a song.
		BG delineated abstract level prayojans and what should best choice be (like train directory). BG also tells tools in your box (abhidhyeya) - results of the actions of different types. Also the scope of your understanding (sambandha - topics you gotta know - MMN, demigods, etc).
	So, in your exits - in fact, the life full of exits or choices (n threads working in material realm so can act everytime) - 
	in the beginning we may be immature - overdoing or underdoing somethings but maturity is to find right balance to sustainably but fastest run to the goal.
FND - PIES - activity in different layers
	for the fruit (mental layer of grat). 
	Activity for the fruit within activity (achievement, finished - intellectual layer) 
	Activity for something larger picture of being (ego layer). Every layer encompasses the lower within it automatically but the focus of a layer is not on the below rewards. Of course you get paid very well for tough tasks but solving those tough tasks is a kick for somebody. 
	Activity, of course to "Be", but more importantly, an act of love is superior still - can be worldly to start with but transcendence in its purest form.
	Every layer encompasses lower satisfactions but also has sacrifice of the lower layers - so to "Be" of course you gotta achieve but you don't stop when you don't - but try an alternate way or ask somebody.. that's sacrifice - but eventually it should be healthy and should happen very naturally.
		similarly, in beginning if VA of 1 type doesn't fit your liking, try something else (people change careers) but rather pursue in mature way and keep hammering in 1 place. Sacrifice here of different kind - like underperforming your skills, talents or your ego - like getting low appraisal score cuz 7 out there is better so working your way thru it is a sacrifice required. If you have landed in wrong place, that's a different story.
FND - PIES - Bhakti is premise and karma is what emerges on resume - only day today acts would primarily be - dhyana and jnana - have hours dedicated in normal distribution.
	see, at every moment you have to have some active object of dhyan or jnana in direction of bhakti.
	do the needful is more powerful than wantful - wantful can overdo things influenced in preyas but needful ensures higher culminations and does yukta of everything to make them serve the intended purpose.
	Some countries are more affected by MOP and MOI - we get attracted to them cuz we are not in high standing in MOG - if we are the reverse attraction will take place.
	Dhyan level debugging
		Look for a positive eg in different levels of scopes and compare at surface.
		Look for a little debugging or going light inside (step in, step out by a few steps)
		Look for online community help - if commonly faced issue.
		Look for documentation help - how stuff works or what is recommended.
		Look for a colleagues help. Ask a senior colleague.
		escalate the matter with consumer specialists or otherwise with the producers of the services.
		Debug it yourself in spare time and excavate or find out the behavior expected. Comparison with a good eg can be a great help or quality logs.
FND - PIES - Lapse SQ - VAS should continue in the prayashcit phase which should have some pashcattap elements.
	VAS on MOI, MOP platforms can't go on 
	MOI - activity may be bypasssed, ignored, hacked for the fruit (animal platform - interest in fruit and not in price to pay).
	MOP - pay price for reward in VA.
	MOG - the activity itself is the reward (the problem solving in terms of what's known). MOG' - the activity is meant to serve some "being" purpose (role, etc)
	MOPG - the activity is expression of love for someone or something (microrealm in hierarchical clusters - I did for SAP, for my country, for her, for SM, for Krishna).
	In VAS - BJDK should go on in the phase. But inspirations, eg for pattern recognition (read Well Winnow, CustomerOfGod) can't go on.
	Only thing besides VAS is foundational aspect of sobriety (expected after 3 days) cultivation thru like studying importance of NFP, etc.
FND - PIES - How Krishna also helped me learn that although dare is health, scare is also health 
	the probability of bad event may be very small but penalty is very high at night - dog bite. So, can I change the narrative - turns and I can and I should have - for better.
	we need balance of dare and scare.
	The side effect of corona scare is following all healthy habits - regular hand wash (before meals, coming from out, etc), walking instead of lifts, no hand touching face.
FND - PIES - HEALTH - sometimes people just go on with their narrative and we don't bother to stop them but we should if it is not in alignment.
	eg - somebody asks somebody to collect the container from me. I should stop saying no later on you collect it from me.
	eg - somebody raising a complaint - I said no it's just a concern but complaint raised nevertheless - so, I should sternly say no I don't want complaint cuz I already talked.
	but in both of the above cases you were not wrong in your approach - just the principle is important.
FND - PIES - it is so important to be fearless of judgments, comments, etc in pursuit of health in PIES and focus on basics "what am I contributing here" - of course, what's asked from me but how is it to the excellence - when you pick up a topic - go to layers of depths and when premise fails to behave as expected you should also know who should take full responsibility of this premise if config level premise then it means you should have known the config settings of the premise in the first place.
	Take Start for eg - when it doesn't even launch this is failure at premise level and I am busted thinking how am I going to answer my superiors - no, your concern should have been whom to approach who can guide me to config which I don't know or set it right b4 I can start working on it.
	Short term planning from a superior isn't a good feeling - that means either work is too simple to do and there is lack of trust.
		small deadlines and then switching means I gotta know how to save the context - although this is excellent way to work but I would rather like streak of thoughts flow to solve a problem. But also learn the art of context switch.
	It is work contribution that concerns me more than judgments.
FND - PIES - in MOP circles, the insults and praises etc carry a lot of weightage. Asuri vritti people distribute it freely like prasad.
FND - PIES - MOG does not mean balance in the sense that I finish my hours and don't give a dang about work after that. It is about ensuring the work sees its end.
	MOG may have overindulgence and underindulgence in different layers at different times (like beginning career demands overindulgence)
	but that's not their idealized way of living but a phase of life
	@ it's like while taking turn you gotta bend but you are not out of balance cuz you bend and you don't stay bent.
	MOP ppl idealize the overindulgence in everything everytime so that's the difference. MOG would do that cuz that's the "needful".
FND - PIES - ESMD analogue or MMN on top of VA is natural - but when you add 3C - comparison, competetion, Complaining - then it makes up lots of unpleasant stuffs that people succumb to - 
	For eat - competition so snatching from others or means that will culminate into me getting max to eat.
	For sleeping - let me relax and others toil like donkeys. My relaxation (not mature) at expense of others.
	For mate - 7 befriending 7' seen as a threat. My network is not enough.
	For defending - putting others in peril to have sense of safety.
	All of the above are perverted expressions of soul and stem from insecurity within material world of limited resources and unlimited desires and so jealosy and envy - be and show better than others and show others vv.
FND - PIES - 
	ESMD on VA - Eat (reward mode - Desire, MOP), Sleep (relax mode, MOG), Defend (fear avoidance mode, MOI), Mate (befriend mode - Love, MOPG)
FND - PIES - the focus of discussions in Varna realm is logical completeness and correctness (of course, without violating political correctness - ego layer). Focus of discussions in Ashram realm is emotional triggers (of course, with minor freedom to violate political correctness).
FND - PIES - Office Discussion - Transactional; Personal, team, company, field - news and stories, learnings, transaction logs - approach, plans, emotional trace of eth, different cycles and phase.
	Talks about features, tech, ppl, plity, personal, praise, etc. Also their ashram exploration. Resume, praise, etc.
FND - PIES
	Story Benefits - emotional triggers for fun; lessons in framework update; A wonderful material life to spiritual life.
	Power of complaining - like in driving - you should raise horm when needed and maneur in spite of them likewise life.
FND - PIES - More desirable is that I take tensions and they don't show up but even when they show up - it's good cuz they expose lacuna somewhere or opportunity to learn and grow. Material world is meant to be dualities and that helps us in our journey. If there ain't enough tensions, this is not good for spirituality (of course speaking about conditioned souls). Like rich are those with little spiritual credits; such dangerous situation ain't given to those with lots of spiritual credits.
	MOI - tensions come cuz he doesn't dare to take them and is outta alignment and MOG and MOP guys take tensions cuz they are smart.
FND - PIES - fight or confront for Testosterone increase - even situ, verbal, physical preparedness although not needed, etc.
	Resilience - some detachment is necessary cuz praise seeking is MOP which is good but more mature when MOG based gotta tolerate dualities experience both for higher goal.
		The world experience shouldn't go worthless.
		Bhakti - will do it anyways.
		No matter what - I will be Ok attitude.
		Yoga every day - deep breathing, pranayam and asanas.
		Relevant Knowledge for exception handlings and right mental attitude.
		Every day gaming time - helps with not getting disturbed cuz always there's something to look up to.
	Indecision - Instant beliefs + Introspection to update decision as wise as possible.
		even wrong decisions here will have arisen from personal beliefs and world response will give proper learning.
		So, getting to own mistakes that you believed in - it's glorious.
FND - PIES - Me time is golden for me - never compromise on that.
	Solution for pleasures is tension of next layer and which comes from goal of even higher layer or by nature of mat world.
	To ensure that tension doesn't grab you. We need grats at higher layers for stability and lower layers for fallback.
FND - PIES - Karma to extreme - when you close eyes and say done with it - that feeling of extreme is also a state of samadhi. It's such a pleasure.
	Yoga is dilruba that has always been by my side - BJDK.
FND - PIES
	Life pursuit
		Svadhyaya (vision of how eth culminates to KC).
		Scrum (execution of individual odules VAS for ego - I am that) - eth timed with dynamism
		Intellect (always achieving mindset - 1 after another)
		Entertainment (1.5 hr ed alternately - 0..3 hrs normal distribution)
		senses (premise always awesome)
FND - PIES
	Varna first, ashram second, entertainment in slot 3rd. - scrum in morning and evening.
	10 offenses etc are for good bhajan kriya - anartha nivritti - longest stage so milestone important.
		anarth nivrtti - curbing the expression - sanskars and vrittis avoiding - effort X achievement - 00, 01, 10, 11.
			intellect, pattern recognition, trigger avoidance, distractions, etc - regulation + transcend - cajjole the mind, beat the mind, fight the mind, etc.
		anartha nivritti - at desire itself - proclivity gone - strong intellect (no more dirt), powerful previous stage (cleaning and higher taste)
			@ink pot cleaning - goes away gradually.
			powerful spiritual ego - a great help. religiously doing.
	evolution of bhakti - shraddha (entry), intro (sadhu sang), favorable cultivation - bhajan kriya, unfavorable rejection (anartha nivritti), going deeper dive (further stages)
		viraha is a stage to further advancement of unconditional, unmotivated, unadulterated, uninterrupted love - SA 7 to 8 by LCM.
	VA dictated not by S :: V not dictated by A. A is a platform which is favorable for V and in turn for S by transitivity and also directly.
		VAS advocated or guided (even suggested) by transcendental principles (siddhant) - SQ as such like MMN - a layer guided by top layer.
		Think of it like platform team taking requirements from application consumer teams as input for creating backlog or like our customer influence forum for ideas.
	evolution results favor higher layer activities favor higher layer; yoga of all the layers - what about higher layer dictating - not dictating but taking services from
		initiating support if missing - platform or application sync - turns out value of higher layer quite high on support in lower layers.
		eg - what if x4 without applicaiton built on it.
FND - PIES - Varna and Ashram are not frameworks but platforms.
FND - PIES - 
	Perfection of Yogic systems - KY there is wide range in society but in India, there are a lot who practice VA outta love. 
		Eg - VP of NSME said product software means innovation for better service to customers and agile enough to be able to help society in trying situations like COVID19. 
		Eg - There are movie makers who may not be very high of KY scale from tattva perspective but they positively assist you to evolve to that stage if you are below it or assist bettering the layer irrespective of whether you are on above platform maturely or not.
			Their scope of what stage like SKY or NKY1 may even be limited like to 1 person and not large ashram or varna space but that should help people in general.
		sahaj pake wo fal meetha hota hai 
			this means of course accepting the conclusion, respecting it and trying to practice it is important 
			but all that is not at the expense of spontaneity or denial of your current conditional reality 
			REL some ppl say don't want life to be opportunity lost of deep desires - yes it should not be so
		Fortunate to have seen VA driven by love around me 
			in Varna circles (hackathons for COVID), Ashram circles (poetry or memes sharing importance of friends or loved ones)
				I also deeply respectful and full of ideas for innovation challenges or hackathons but that itself is exposing a limitation on materializing it.
				Make sure you participate with some homework - if nothing else, you will know where you fall short in higher expressions of KY so gradient descent will happen.
			family to demonstrate love - your life matters very deeply to us.
				Not talking properly on phone when sick - neighbors help from Mama, Syami came on Surabhi dd advice, Papa following up on coughing even if it doesn't feel awesome.
	JY interested in kundalini perhaps and worldly meditations including sankhya. Some get interested in Brahman - sayujya mukti is good and respectable but devs not interested like other ways also.
		The foundation of all yogic systems is same but specializations exist and respected. Mayavad ain't brahmavad - dispersion from tattva is not ok.
	Arto importance - NFP in night helped me come to conclusion of Brahma muhurta waking made strict (actually strict timings + desirable life). Don't underestimate arto. All 4 ways described by Krishna are important. Turning to Krishna in pain ain't a joke or a trivial attempt.
	Scrum - come up with priorities every single day in V and A 
		Obviously, at workplace feels like micromanagement but personal life - it is a very good takeaway. 
		Even if you have nothing quote something for name sake cuz staying busy with something is important 
		That's NIC should be properly planned well so that when C is not there you should have some N or I to run after.
	Krishna says all are on his path - it is like some are on KK level, some on self centered level, some on NKY level, etc - everywhere exists somewhere on the Yogic dimensions of KJDB. 
	Also don't do the mistake of equating work for others with work for Krishna - it is just evolution phase - expansion of scope of your market size of services.
		Yoga means in its most obvious sense - yoga with transcendence or Krishna but in more loose usage, others and material realm and material subject, etc can also come in.
		Yoga means yoga with everything - everything gets included and surpassed with transcendence but that is not the case with worldly subjects.
FND - PIES - SQ - Morning svadhyaya
	KY stages (refer notes) - self centered, KK, SKY, SKY+NKY, NKY, BKY. Perfection is called seva (service).
	JY stages - Shravanam (pratyaksh, anuman, shabda; science included but not perfect), mananam (recitation, revision, distribution), nididhyasanam (shastra chakshu, dhyan or applications - personal, preaching), sakshatkar (realization) - this is all worldly in nature. Perfection is called sakshatkar or being realized (realizations).
	DY - ashtanga yoga. Perfection is called Samadhi (trance - total absorption).
	BY - 9 stages. Perfection is called Prema (unconditional, unmotivated, uninterrupted, unadulterated love).
	about - perfection of all of them is Krishna or yoga but the means is prefix of yoga like karma which is a facet while in world and can come from multiple sources.
		perfection can be BPB (Brahman Paramatma Bhagavan) but all yogic systems conglomerate for advanced practitioner not the case with new comer.
			also, this is for analysis and beginners stages that we divide them 
			but in real world it is synthesized versions that we see so can't say that Hanuman was KY - he was BY who exemplified KY also.
FND - PIES - Life Scrum - 1.5 hrs entertainment (YT channels based) between varna and ashram modes or even 2nd streak of varna after 1st streak (which had 4 Dhyan slots).
	MMA.exe is desirable to track your time spent.
FND - PIES - Patterns and triggers of NFP fall - Thinking meta (called introspection)
	Heat in the body (garam masale), Free mind (cheap thrills seeker), agitated mind (escapism), heavy stomach (chhole in glut in night), multimedia allure [indicators or literal] (sanskars reloaded). Sick of regular grats (bad definition of special or also, starved of regular grats - bad push), lack of friends and hangouts, less challenges in life.
	Adhyaya Vasaya (study of the matter), intending Shallow swimming till it drowns you (dhyayato vishayan pumsah)
	Having planned it before then remembrance comes and the idea resurfaces.
	Not a trigger or pattern but a problem 
		Intellectual weakness - idea comes and can't defeat the proposal and intellect starts following the mind's pull.
		Not able to tolerate a lure (less stamina to bear stimulus shit).
FND - PIES - NFP - Breaking stages
	Jnanendriyas - eyes, touch
		Darshan or looking at women with passionate resolve,
		Sparshan or touching them,
	Karmendriyas - tongue, body, presence, absence,
		Keli or play, 
		Kirtan or praising the qualities of the other sex, 
	Getting personal - mind to action (indriyas)
		Guhya-Bhashan or talking in private, 
	Mind influencing intellect
		Sankalpa or determination, 
	Identity - association seeking, intimate association, worldly identification.
		Adhyavasaya or nearing the other sex with the desire for gratification 
		Kriyanivritti or the actual sexual act
FND - PIES - Objects of dhyan are immediately rewarding on sensual layer than other layers and so forth. But quality and quantity increase with layer.
FND - PIES - 9+9+6 - 9 for concrete varna (smart developer -> Arch -> RnD); 9 for foundation (spirituality + health); 2 for concrete ashram; 4 for abstract VA (CSLife + Personal Effective, Socially Smart guy)
	entertainment comes under that 4 hr window only. and has theory + case studies.
FND - PIES - IQ centered
	exposing the anarthas present inside - like envy against someone, or pride or jealosy, anger, etc in specific situations.
		stay tattva centered 
		seek inspiration - every rise has to have a reason and not competition else our growth gets bound.
		There is fortune to be the part of that scale development as if this was an OSS.
		anything that happens in an input for reflection.
	no matter when you join the race if you are determined and paying the price you will excel.
		abstract is important but specific is still more.
		the ego you get, you must be deserving else you can't sustain it or you will if not already there.
		foundationally everything is same and anybody can do everything.
	discussions or worldly interactions can be different executions traces but undercurrent knowledge is just that - few decision trees.
		but completeness of you Sambandha jnana gets challenged thru questions. Different stakeholders with different questions and curiosities and concerns.
		if this process is skipped of generating access bo - then checkman errors on server.
			no need cuz code will raise error is that's missing. but in itself that's not a problem./
FND - PIES - All discussion in EQ or IQ are centered around - configuration, master data, transactional data, analytical data.
	analytical can be descriptive (slicing/ dicing/ mincing/ roll up/ drill down - story telling, anecdotes about oneself and others), exploratory/ hypothesis (what could be cause from effects of data), predictive (future telling, what must be (good guessing) - regression, classification, clustering, time series, content suggesting, anomaly detection on structured and unstructured data); Prescriptive (AI, what should be done for desired goals)
FND - PIES - Spirituality also can be studied at all 4 data levels.
	master data (tattva 5 subjects of BG; student phase), transactional data (interactions of different subjects - think design time coding discussions or state transitions; preaching application), analytical data (case studies, stories, pastimes, history, current execution traces with eyes of your understandings), configuration data (practices, rituals, vedic lifestyle).
	Same goes with movies - fans interested in not just master and transactional data but also analytical data - characters discussions follow analytical data.
	A new company = new movie / video game - you join - understand master data (trainings, case studies, harbor knowledge and capabilities on what is), configuration (company culture and work culture), transactional data (new feature - how would you leverage your master data and technical knowledge to solve it, discussions, scenario coverage, algos, arch, etc), analytical data (tradeoffs, talking examples (slicing, dicing), roll up/ drill down (explain your work high level, low level), hypothesis - what will happen if you do this, predictions of different kinds) - it has so many layers I just oversimplified it - what about clustering in innovative groups, what about arch discussions, etc.
FND - PIES - if cat crossing road is good or bad - without hypothesis nothing is worth testing - questions like what's even proposition b4 we test it.
	it is obviously not the cause but a candidate hypothesis for information provider.
	is that every state transition will fail - not true (easy disprovable); every already planned state transition (not true; even 1 disproves it); some planned state transitions (this happens all the time - what was the contribution anyways; this should not stop you from your regular work - regular work at least offers gradient descent over time);
	does it mean the final desirable state won't be achieved from the set of desired plans b4 or after the encounter (this happens all the time with some; with all - it can be easy disproved). No there is an impact in %age of success cases over desired states or individual state transitions - the planned desired states over what duration is next question - who is even proposing it in first place - let's say ourselves within 0-2 days - how many desired plans (final states) do we have for next 2 days at randomly selected point - not many so 1 of that few averaged over n cases is first problem and 2nd problem is small transitions success %age - who has so much dang time, man, even if it is true - and do they not otherwise ditch. Eg - sometimes we make a bet with veggies purchase from Dispenser and it is out of order - do we need any envt signal for that. We gotta be robust enough to have many contingency plans, anyways and such envt signals provide no value addition, even when they are true (which is highly unlikely, anyways).
FND - PIES - Castes have specializations eg brahmin in other realms. Academia. Philosophy, research, temple, vedic customs, customer facing, etc.
	Kshatriya - law, protocol enforcement, military; vaishya - so many domains in primary, secondary and tertiary sectors.
	Capitalism, Communism, zoom in to last ones (Vaishya and shudra favoring systems) - those are weighted for more. 4 varnas are inevitable the balance is difficult (VA system).
FND - PIES - Love - Hankering, lamentation, illusion in love - SA8, salted bread, kabuli wallah, experience vs story. Experience is miserable but story seems so good unlike KC.
	7th offence - taking HN or Krishna for granted. No1 likes it in relp - would you? but Krishna so forgiving and forgets it. Avoid it, lots of effort to come back and wastage and Krishna surpisingly still accepts - don't let go of such a person.
	all castes can have subdivisions. Eg - daivi varnashram in Brahminism. RnD in Enterprise, etc.
	Tolerate anarthas including hankering for pride. ISKCON society - we don't need 10 non-cooperating lions but cooperation among them.
FND - PIES - How next question - why are these offerings from the org needed? 1 word evolution - anartha nivritti, etc - 7 can say I am not a customer for it - for every material products also it's possible - every product has a price to pay - not e1 can pay for it or even have appreciation for.
FND - PIES - Very easy to judge ppl by anartha - but they choose VA which projects soul to some degree - that's what should be focussed on - to glorify, learn from/to, corrected for betterment of all - in right way.
	Eg - Correction offered is absolutely correct.
	cuz we're in relativity. We foolishly think absolute doesn't exist - eg morality.
FND - PIES - life viewed as projection on Ego platform, then on intellectual platform and so on. Ego is prime focus. Intellectual layer operations 1 after another - mental is more of a fallback and / or inside of it. So, pure mental grats be rare and have framework around that.
FND - PIES - some ideas
	Dinner replace iwth milk (week/ month)
	scrum every morning
	Social servant on weekday evenings and cust of god on weekends. ( this is old - round-robin is new normal)
		CSLife on weekends and well winnow on weekdays.
	No entertainment in day time.
	Any activity who's ur ally (ask)
		ally in prayojan, abhidhyeya, sambandha - cross (P to A, A to P).
	sharpen the sword. (old). Evening exercise - duly yoga in morning.
FND - PIES - 100 days - I will be free of this oppressor b4 15 Aug - I will be independent b4 independence day. Getting rid of paap expression and also clear cut plan for beejam and Kutam.
	Stages stop at any of the following: You are bound to win. Baseline - Be Arjuna like warrior and not accept kurukshetra defeat without fighting. No yoga without this fight.
	Shitty day - VA not rewarding - solution - Spirituality for resilience and control, Yoga of regulation and stability, common standardized daily grats, entertainment hour every day. Make VA rewarding - whatever it takes!!
	External or External implied or internal stimulus that pings vritti and sanskars for rewards - train mind with intel point that FP is punishment and NFP is rewarding (recitation)
	Ideation - Give some VA engagement - it is immediate naughty ideas killer.
		erection? - meditation and deep breathing. Distract. Wait. Cold shower.
	Fantasy - Ideation taken seriously - give entertainment to distract. Substitute or replace - highly involving type entertainment it should be.
	Intel - arrange resource. Keep resources somewhat inaccessible like office hours, dongle, etc.
		karmendriyas to arrange - nothing much.
	Jnanedriyas - dhyayato vishayan pumsah avoidance - focus attention on other life level useful details like procedure to maximize. Tattva, manovritti of chars, etc.
		PMO - stop at any stage to minimize your pashchattap and start with svadhyaya - approach Krishna.
	1 hr disinfection protocol (grit) - Svadhyaya + min 15 mins yoga + min 15 mins Chanting. Ritualistic without substance is better than not doing but no degradation - also absolves of kutam by locality of reference. If there's tussle I won't let enemy defeat - put up a fight with belief I ain't going down - no matter what - let positive put up a fight with negative. I won't let myself glide to animal life, forget lower life - gotta go to Vrindavan, forget heavens or just opulent material life.
	3-9 day medicine protocol. 
		Fasting next day for some meals - fasting from resource available like web - only concrete VA allowed. Day by day youtube channels can be permitted.
		all this while cultivate NFP, shlokas, active projects in SVAF.
		no need of pashchattap if fall during 3-9 day refurbishment phase. But Prayaschit and medicine should be there.
		8 rounds next 3 days. Yoga for next 3 days with guidance. Jnana for next 3 days (including NFP). Karma Yoga - some donation (my time resource money wasted be made up by donation for someone or right cause).
		VA solution - pick up some interesting project immediately. Random if not decided.
	If not getting sleep then make it meditation session and expand it until you get sleep. Preferably some other form of meditation.
	Recitations - 
		Fap - brain fog, reset karne ka effort, night wasted then no rest, no motivation left for anything - no yaar, don't want this. It's so boring. I don't want this shit.
		NFP I want - extraordinary in every social settings.
		Porn is pain. I don't take such pains which don't even help in long run.
		Mstbt is punishment that I would rather not take.
		I will not become an animal, just won't. I am ready to put up a fight for the highest gain. We are always on move - if not moving higher, maybe you are going down.
		I am better off without the torture of fap.
		Cheap thrills? I would rather pay the price.
		Fap Frustration. Mstbt madness. I better off without it. Thanks but no thanks.
FND - PIES - Varna - All BKVS Work but eye on knowledge world, power, economic gain, security. In one sense, all need everything but kick lies in one above others - it just stands out.
	And ultimately you get what you are looking for.
	Baniya may talk like gentleman and who won't but eye is on networking, word of mouth (to others, good for business), creating goodwill, making customer permanent, ungentlemanliness never serves. So on and so forth for other Varnas.
	Any time spent! What economic gain did it bring me and it's not just money - economics is far greater than just money - asset is money, a network, a relationship is money, an opportunity is money, etc.
	self acceptance is so important and aggressively run for it. My kick is in knowledge and direction is also given by me - other factors are important to me but not primary focuses.
	So what's listed here are the kicks - prayojan - all may show excellent knowledge but that's not everybody's kick or end goal but a means to end goal for some - like knowledge so that power or visibility and so forth.
	Qualities are specified in BG so that's internal nature. Guna Karma vibhagashah - so guna you know. What's their karma - the work they do - so cluster it and abstract it out.
	Academics/ Research, Studies, etc; Ruling, Defending, etc; Business, Ownership, Farms, etc; Labor, Service Providers, Servants, etc.
		viz can range widely and inside the major orgs or "LOBs or works" there can still be subdivisions into same 4 clusters like Enterprise having BKVS.
		There are many specializations like Brahmins may be ruling specialist, weapon specialist, Brahma vidya specialists, Anushthan or ceremony specialist, Temple specialist, etc.
FND - PIES - Self Acceptance - body and actions and lifestyle in alignment to conditional life - else immature. Self Denial can be good for higher layer but it's not sustainable - marathon vs sprint.
	But the next stage is also important, svabhav in alignment with constitutional nature. Yes, former is important and this is also important while we try to grow in both spiritual layer and the VA layer. The alignment has to kept track of.
	Eg - at conditional level, you have anger, express it aptly. At constitutional level, you know that you are rise from insecurity driven anger to well wisher driven anger. So you keep on evolving your spiritual life while maintaining the updated self acceptance - think of it as gradient descent on different layers of a neural network.
FND - PIES - Health - Bhojan dvara chikitsa - http://online.fliphtml5.com/dfqf/jjdm/#p=110
	https://books.google.co.in/books?id=l00iMqGfz7MC&printsec=frontcover#v=onepage&q&f=false
FND - PIES - BKVS - 
	About - kali currently has money biased for all of them and V is highly bloated but of course, with good reason.
		we want stream of grats at all layers which is guaranteed by money and hence biased. We are not self controlled (or have spiritual pursuits) that we don't value it or regularize our value degree - we very highly value it.
			what this also means is people may do manipulations for raising their money. People may show loyalty for money, knowledge is directed to money.
			even the respective realms like power and knowledge are also money minded in kali yuga. Not that they should not be but too much or too little can be avoided.
		guna, karma vibhagashah - qualities mentioned in BG and karma by use case and drill down.
		there may be dharma for their evolution but not mentioned below.
		down is mentions - WIIFM for people, what qualities they must have to do it.
	S - Servitude one word. security, Money stream for grats, talent unit (not directly sellable but consumable for a larger business)
		Important terms - Loyalty, productivity, talent, salary size. Bring scale to notice. Personal economics (how to increase my money).
	V - Business or trade one word. reward for efforts (proportional, scalable by choice). Independence.
		Important terms - competition, excellence, Market capture, contracts, customers (pakka grahak), bargain, discounts, etc. Micro-economics (grow trade's demand; or finance knowledge, accounting).
	K - governing one word - power (what gets done or happens)
		Important terms - psychological manipulation, resources enumeration, list your capabilities (physical power, financial power, group power, ethical power, astra shastra power, legal power, etc), macro-economics. constitutional.
	B - knower of spirit one word (material project - knower of world) - knowledge depth (what is, how it works, science of it)
		Important terms - Analyse, discuss/ logical debate, peer reviews, papers published, articles, ideas, innovations.
		Academia if worldly. Temples and ashrams if spiritually.
		Further divisions maybe like follows
			B - scriptural studies and presentations. Publishing books, etc.
			K - Decision making. PR interfacing, etc. Think temple presidents and board.
			V - standardizations of usecases to create exits for public, planning the channels of money, handling the channels in daily support. Think dept handling.
			S - engaging talents for services in day today work.
	Every lower layer works for higher layer - ensures their survival thur work or taxes or support. Higher layers take lower layer for granted (must exist for their subsistence).
	Not that any stream in particular is clustered under a work but determine by the kinda work you do day in and day out - you will know where you belong by karma.
	My considerations - I want stream of money growing, I wanna know CSLife, I wanna understand it all and contribute in ways that I believe in.
FND - PIES - 4 VA - maya srishtam - hari toshanam is the purpose of society it makes.
FND - PIES - to get exploited in MOI, MOP, MOG - 
	MOI - 7 takes advantage of you without your knowledge and general tendency is to minimize service and maximize grats so you feel cheated and angry. 
	MOP - choose to be exploited in certain ways cuz that is very rewarding for profits. Eg - actors in film industry, etc. Use me attitude - in favor of money.
	MOG - choose to be exploited for the transcendental cause. I am available for some humanity service like food distribution. Even if you tell me to scrub vessels I am being used.
FND - PIES - Manipulating others can be a spiritual thing to do
	Manipulating someone without hurting them is MOP. Not caring to even play the game (Nidra), playing disheartedly (alasya), manipulation in favor while hurtint someone (pramad) are all MOI.
	MOI is better than animal life - at least they have started to be in VA fold. MOP is still better - see it is a leap of faith to invest and human psychology is their confidence that their service (which jiva is unwilling in conditioned state) while reward them and thus give gradient descent to their spiritual life also. So, it is really awesome to manipulate someone to your benefit (especially while you are favoring them - leap of faith, investment, at least good will). Well, "big fish" but you play game well.
	MOP is transition state from MOI to MOG so a good deal of spiritual expressions are visible in this stage. So MOP is very respectable platform - but people have reward mentality - which is an anartha but from spiritual standpoint they are evolving while being currently at a respectable state.
	MOG will have even lesser work for reward for oneself. Like even social service - no reward expected for oneself. Shuddh sattva is also sattva with even material impurity is missing in the alignment to "what is" process.
	If someone is "self"-ish that I don't wanna interact with you > (more selfish than) psychological manipulations of favors to get favors in return.
		Eg - party of SAP friends - allegation of being "self"-ish for a remark that it is fun for me. Made me thinking - e1 is including them. But if I don't favor others for rewards expectations, I will be even more selfish - MOI being more selfish. In MOP, there are still favors for others (services rendered freely with leap of faith for returns on the investments) but not in former so that "lewd" remark was not all that bad or wrong, after all.
		Eg - give someone a favor of limited software or free trial software - it is a leap of faith and it kinda forces the consumer to return the favor by buying if required - but as expected many will not return the favor and they are ready for it but law of large numbers, will get them ads and visibility and their sales will be more than not giving this free samples out there (this psychological manipulation) - so this act was spiritual in nature (free service) although intended with reward expectations in mind (not really free but smart play).
		Eg - Film producers give free trailers, free songs access, youtube sample clips and teasers - these are all that leaps of faith with ROI (psychological manipulation) to make ROI relatable or "calculated risk" and law of large numbers favoring them in aggregation. (And also law of karma reciprocating)
		Eg - similarly for book distribution - the more the people you show, the better it is and in long run - it will give you some favorable results as per law of large numbers - expectation as per probability.
	This also translates all being exploited - MOI is fearful so won't even try, MOP is taking calculated (trace-able) risk, MOG is not looking for personal reward but ideals. MOPG is concerned with transcendental ideals - not personal reward but act of love (drilling down).
		Eg - actors scantily dressed as per director's instructions - may believe in it 100% or to a certain degree. This sacrifice to align for "higher" instructions is choosing to be exploited for reward.
		Eg - actress complaining against director (view of under dress, felt like prostituted by director, ). Gen Dayar instructing Indian soldiers to shoot on Indian citizens who didn't believe in martial law imposed (in favor of freedom). Army told to return from Lahore after winning it all - or given orders that you don't believe in.
FND - PIES - school trains us with ashram mostly. Values should be imparted in primary mostly and can go on as per interest in secondary school. Intermediate is diving deeper into ashram as per tastes which makes it varna. Professional Specialization starts after that - Ashram onus on themselves like values also. Actually we had Ramayan, MB, etc but somehow it didn't universally had the value system impact for whatever reason.
FND - PIES - impact of birth on caste is just favorability - doing what family does is generally easy but doing something different, even with facilities all set up, is somewhat more effort comparatively. So, that favorable ecosystem is the role - so yes, birth isn't primary decider just helpful envt as per your subtle body.
FND - PIES - Very casual - only proposals - not fully committed to following but very good intuitions
	S - Demand of producers, my supply to best payer. V - Demand of many consumers, my supply to all of them (SCM), K - create an ecosystem thru protocols, B - acads of it (what is it all about).
	Yes, there are gonna be lotta nesting and intermixing of them in real - temple world engage disciple as per their nature. In business world, tendency of employee engaged (by choice (facilities) or suggestions (SAP talks, manager growth talks, programs, suggesting a person when starting a new project like transpilation), etc) aptly. So forth.
	In Talent world (individual space) - who is BKVS - Innovators, Labor community (JS community makers), n-programs enroller (money minded; skills are utils for networking, etc), loyal to the project.
	In Supply world - who is BKVS - Trainers, RnD (proposers or consultants four ourselves what should be done as per market forces); C-employees (decision making and ecosystem setup); ?; Doers of needful.
	In govt world - who is BKVS - Political Analytics and martial strategy (Supreme Court, Constitution, Prez); PM CM Dept House; ?FIN Income Tax ?Bureaucrats; Level 2 and 3 Officers Bureaucrats.
	In acads world - who is BKVS - meta-acads, ?papers (how should education be); Director board; ?Patent, ?FIN, How much fees, how to advertise, how to collaborate with business; Teachers or assistants.
	B - kya hai (tattva); kya hona chahiye (papers). V - Fayeda kaha hai; How to apply this abstract to concrete situations. K - kaise karna hai. S - chalo karte hain.
	Learning response of BKVS - Talent for self, profit, governing, chakshu. Perverted way of looking at it - Lust, greed, pride, illusion. V generate money.
	There is hierarchy of work in all the realms - tree like structure and division of departments as well.
FND - PIES - Bhakti of time allocation to PIES is important else they sometimes eat others TME - 9+9+6 + Normal distribution.
FND - PIES - CEO - manager drill down (K), sales people (BKVS - V), but such separation isn't there so not purely but division within a realm. 
	Important point to note - 1:10:100:1000 in all realms but hierarchical
	Brains of org, hands of org, stomach of org, legs of the org. Board is the brain. Area heads (Prez of SME), MDs, till VP are the Leaders. 
	All Line managers under VP are the Results givers for the market and below them are the ground people who work.
	This was number division not functional division. Functional division would need different qualities.
		Technical perspective - Who are archs in the hierarchy? Who are the RnD folks? Who are the engineers and technical guys. So they are BKVS from technical perspective.
		From functional perspective - BKVS - Consultants, APO, PO, Ground work (same as managerial or numers game - not by function - this is flawed in functional outlook).
			Who is technical team under customer facing consultants - these are different works.
			the work on usecases are divided into Manufacturing team, HR team, FIN team, Sales team, purchasing team, payroll team, accounting team, leader team (board).
			by usecases - Planners (board - give vision), implementers (all individual VPs etc), appliers (leverage the rules to do interesting stuffs), ground workers.
			V - FIN, Payroll; S - HR Team, K - sales, buy decision making; B - RnD;
		From Managerial perspective, etc. The above analysis was based on Managerial.
		Think of these perspectives as BKVS in first place by function.
	Maybe entertainment industry can be thought of as S in BKVS from a very high level perpective.
FND - PIES - like GDP, the opulence is not how much debit you have, your opulence is how much movement of money happens with you. Of course the worth of your money account should stay high for security but more the movement of money, the more opulent you are. Kanjoos is lots of money but no money movement so wasted opportunity no opulence. Spendthrift especially beyond chadar folks are dangerous; no security. So given an amount, gotta balance opulence and security.
FND - PIES - Varna services all the time. Ashram serices all the time - not just the ambition of service but everytime services to peers, to seniors, to juniors, to customers, to suppliers, etc.
	Seva Vritti is the basis of SVAF. We are in material world in human form to serve - attain highest service is perfection but Krishna's VA vision is cultivate service attitude.
		Eg - Syami renders services all the time - not just what's needed but how can I serve - like Hanumanji. Eg - Icecream, dishes making ed, changing his schedule to inspire others.
		Parents won't speak directly in his favor to regularize me - so that I don't feel bad that I am nothing in his comparison - I should rather support him as his intern w/o being explicit about it. In a sense, he is my elder brother.
		Everytime - during work and everyday - after work - one question - how can I serve? After a while when you don't get thrill even enjoyment perspective and service perspective you should change work to give you best at service cuz the thrill will help you give your best for others to serve. Intent is not enough but very important still.
		Being rigid vs Flexible - any feedback should be listened to as a training eg for reinforcement learning - there is politics and lower level ambitions in people - nevertheless the inputs will help you over the large dataset. Being manipulated doesn't feel good but it still is a training eg for us to evolve.
	Svadhyaya is so dang important - everyday man! otherwise it's so dang easy to get distracted by any 1 - Varna, Ashram, etc.
		Movie - Murder emphasized on importance of Ashram - she was busted and moved to someone else 
			problem may be that why this is glamorized or talked about but is it not a learning - yes, current times that we live in - a certain things get glamorized
			but what's being talked is still material world under laws of nature and a story is told or devised to tell what could have been 
			which may even be blatant manipulation like pk or omg but do these movies have positive to offer - I would say yes a lot.
	Grihastashram NOD - divorse not allowed why - SP says a certain spiritual training for necessary stamina or elevation is necessary before entering grihastashram.
		yes it may be more lax than the student life but it is not without challenges. There are lots of rewards but there's a price to pay.
		price of love in spite of shortcomings. Regarding love more than being correct - being more rational males will figure what's right but won't tilt easily to emotional (when they will they would go too deep inside it). 
		Females primarily emotional (stories driven - you should understand what I must be feeling) - so to start with address their emotions by going to their level and creating a unity.
		Being right is more important or the relationship?
		why divorce is not allowed 
			cuz ashram doesn't mean there will be no pains - pains are cost function and pleasures are profit functions. 
			Pains will be there in spite of ashram not because of it. It is minimized cuz of ashram but necessary for spiritual progress cuz without our wounds being exposed we won't take effort for or pay the price for health.
			So, pain is necessary to learn from it spiritually and to keep on improving oneself from the experience and trying to serve others in improving. It's a service.
			Rather than seeing the fault in others which, no doubt, is bound to be there, e1 being in material world and all - like "Duh!" - ocean of faults - ability to see water in ocean. We just want them to improve and ourselves to improve cuz we are not very different from others just with added favor of KC it starts to make a world of difference but that's power of Krishna and his representatives who entered into our lives and our small choice of saying yes.
			So yes low tolerance in kali age is the problem. Pain is bound to be there for everyone but evolve thru them and not complain. And pay the price for relationship.
			An easy escape is divorce which is MOI - rather than seeing where am I going wrong or how I could be more than just being right, or how to rectify it, the attitude becomes let me escape the misery - oh! what about solving the problems head on - that's MOG.
			I am not against separation per se cuz material world (my limitation) but facilitating it, encourages such behaviors to surface more (game theory) - act in MOI.
		Joke - the extent 7 can get busted (over being right), it is as if 7 is in mood of divorce before marriage. People call it break up but it's all the same - MOI.
FND - PIES - In Varna, not e1 is rewarded equally. Why?
	Service Talents are differently rewarded - cuz higher the service in varna ladder, higher the reward. 
		Note in past times, he got government servant so a wow factor vs serving a business.
		In the hierarchy also the degree of rewards are different. Eg - IAS service or judge service much more valuable than 2nd tier govt officers or lower bench of judges resp.
		Then, Which org you serve within a varna ladder 
			2 businesses are not equal in their service - so serving a top shot which means one who serves the demand the best or creates a demand to serve it or identifies subtle demands to serve them, gets highest reward and serving under ones who serve better makes you a recipient of higher reward. 
		Although counter intuitive, something must be right that economic development (macro) is greater than past - the rich poor difference may be a problem to address, sure.
			the reason behind grown economics is the demands increased across world - MOP in people so more demands, means more need for supply and machines ensured scale of eth.
			not only there is increase in demands in terms of scale but new chain reactions start - dev, support, test, production related jobs come and more people join the show to leverage the ease of doing business to serve more - more services at disposal means more money becomes fluid and finds its way to economics cuz opulence is not in paper money but opulence that money ("the gold") offers - thus e1 has huge money exchanges on their balance sheet which is called micro-economics opulence.
			What about eating jobs up - no the technicians continue to charge the same amount with ease of doing their regular work - of course, they are defunct and can be removed but why would you do even simple thing yourself when you can enjoy in that time.
			Eg - Barbers still exist with trimming machines not replaced.
			Eg - Lakkadhara of past to make bed - huge effort so high cost and few would have it - with automation, practically e1 will have it - there would be more lakkadhare and the beds will be cheaper and so e1 will want to have the opulence. Easier life for suppliers, more demand, more suppliers with more money and with lesser effort.
			Here note the trigger was there was psychological demand (or MMN based demand) for opulent beds which could be met well with automation and more suppliers jumping in. So, MOP was a help in ensuring that machinization would be a blessing and not a curse. In fact, without MOP in people, the machines won't even be effective cuz no buyer for it and production of machines can't go on.
			Computer Science - solving the abstraction, problem for all instances at once - the solution doesn't even exist and result - more suppliers - more people starting business cuz of cheaply available ERP.
	So, I changed company to that one, yay! - so that you can serve better! Better service, better reward - the mantra of VA.
	Then sheer hierarchy means more service. Administration supposed to be more service than business. Kali hacks exist but in ideal terms.
		Varna by birth impacts - your mental value system and beliefs; your associations and inspirations and role models and homely discussions and case studies
		all reinforcement and deep learning for that kinda work but of course, that changes in current times when work changes over generations and home atmosphere is different.
		Courses are all open and standardized in most awesome ways. Knowledge is very open. 
		Our value system is globalized and highly affected by communications across different dimensions.
			Genetic value system - well, follow your bliss - if you are think about doing something, it already means you value something.
		But know for sure, eth has price to pay, a person who values something more, will go to farther lengths to ensure he gets it - in terms of paying the price.
FND - PIES - Scrum doesn't give permutations of work but you pick combinations of work as per your capacity and team capacity PO has to account for user stories.
FND - PIES - NIC+E - A person has Need interest Concerns wrt to material world, things and events - mostly inbound from inanimate things or system as it comes but from people to act in certain way, it is expectations. 
	So, Need, Interest, Concern from whatever befalls (my formal parameter inbounds) and Expectations from animates (others implementations or actions).
	expectations don't mean to control them but looking for fruits of investment - yes, these are worldly but so are NIC.
FND - PIES - Marriage - question - how well do you know your spouse?
	Identify her nature (svabhav) and explain that with a few adjectives.
	Need to make a resume for her - that completely describes her at different levels of vision.
	I need to identify concrete runtime NIC+E and act in the direction to ensure that they are met ASAP.
	Abstract out the NIC+E as an adjective that describes the person - her fears, desires, normal and world view.
	Perform bhakti (devoting TME) as per the identified NIC+E for her and always be engaged in service in Ashram realm also like other realms.
	What about Joru ka ghulam 
		these are worldly slangs to taunt their friends but factually one should serve especially the ones in relation with - b4 you spread your wings further 
		also for case of DS, it's actually KC ka ghulam and Krishna wants to evolve thru a particular realm and you are acting as per his given principles 
		which are enough to give directions and guidance as per your level.
FND - PIES - d/dt - every ML step = sp evolution necessary steps 
	am I taking lessons from ML for spirituality - not lessons but inspiration - open windows and allow the breeze to come but continue to stand on your own feet.
FND - PIES
	See training eg in day today and from SB - thru lecture hearing - nityam bhagvat sevaya - knowledge to quickly process it or recall - indentify d/dt required at different learning rates and willingness to change thru the gradient and applying it as per learning rate to get better. Bad learning rate - immaturity or being rigit and not flexible.
	Cost function and profit function in spirituality - identify gradient, accept gradient, make changes (self acceptance for good humility and service; self attachment to current state is bad for service).
	Fight + Polity to maximize services - if anything is not letting you serve best or letting the realm manifest the service realm which Krishna wants - escalate it.
	Arch is service at all the layers - Increase services or horizontal scaling of service in all the layers - we serving superior layers - MOP vs Passion (for service - horizonal scaling). 
		Rewards in terms of fruits increased, security increased, stability increased, more Krishna's alignment.
		Passion Defn - strong and barely controllable emotion
	Not just evolution thru paramatma guided KY but KJDB - all of them.
	Initiative taking - not just desirable but even necessary in life and cause of concern if not done.
		1 new word means world of changes - REL GDPR in BYD means so much changes to MDRS, classes, new frameworks, Application areas, etc.
			so let a new word come into your life.
		Plan, have vision, pay the price, fights/ polity - lazy planning is MIO at arch level
			Plan for self vs others - Manager, Arch - overseer.
		security of salaray - %age of stream flow is to be divided among employees - invest it back to biz to Inc its worth - reflected in Balance sheets
			ownership vs consumer of stream of profits from a channel.
		Routine planned for self - others / partners to assist, complement, consume for end goal vision of me.
			REL make a group follow you with a vision or goal (high granularity). Or make juniors follow your plan of some POC.
			no low level thinking - it's delegated - like Syami saying that this is no work; it is trivial; anybody can do it.
		Vedic view of marriage is complement each other - think Sadhu has a vision and helps wife in a common journey to trans perfection.
		Kshatriyas do fights and chess like manipulation (diplomacy) plays for long term betterment of e1 - so in itself it is not bad and should be used for plans that are in e1's self interest.
		Need to replace "vision for me" to "vision for us" and active planning for the same. Taking resp for "vision for us" - either existing or future. Eg - locking all rooms b4 sleep.
		Plan to be a server: Plan to be a creator of a system: Constraint giver for plan making - setter of criteria for constrainst:: BKVS.
	Nature of e1 in family is also different - so have to have higher connecting principle and not having your photocopies that would agree with eth you say but higher principle.
	Pune possibility - grow services outta gratitude.
	Normalcy perspective as human you acted like normal. well any human would but the thing is you are not supposed to be just a normal human but sth big.
		you should solve such difficult probs - solution for which are very simple - give up attachments and align but being complex and making that choice is the price to pay.
		mahajano yena gatah sa panthah - eg shivaji how he responded to allegations, chitraketu, etc.
		partially superior < transcendental. Acting in trans guidance is far more important than responding to 7's political or non-political expressions.
		Act of love; correctness >> Political correctness but the latter is also important.
		world is bound to be manipulative cuz politics is the name of game but our flight is trans - don't hate, love - operating at different flight like eagle.
	Home ERP vision - NIC of all "employees"; individually and collectively at all the layers - especially mental layer - same concept for varna - not just for internal but also NIC in VA for partners - customers and suppliers - empathy for them - like timely payments, quality checks, feedbacks, best services, friendliness.
	Intellectually individually culminates in individual ego like getting a role say like becoming Data Scientist; similarly, intellectual as a group culminates in ego of a group which is service in society. Eg SAP BYD - we helps run businesses better in society across globe.
		so the layering concept is not just personal but also social.
	How well - widly and deeply do you know your spouse - this question got me thinking and now I am planning score of things - resume, adjectives for nature, NIC+E standardizations concretely and abstractly.
	For EQ or Ashram also, I need to plan bhakti (TME), Jnana (EQ Studies), Dhyan (Living that life headon), Karma (Resume).
FND - PIES - Seva is even transcendental to ego cultivation - it's high price even if on worldly plane. To love 7 or to render service is difficult for e1 
	cuz it may face negative reinforcements 
		Eg - Papa - like business not working in spite of all the efforts, nature not aligning what was expected (svabhav and studies, difficulty but more than anticipated), situations and people not favorable (up to the standard 1 is used to - PhD and here it is adulterated works, lousy talks, etc), nature not supporting (globalization and product closed due to carcinogenic compounds, etc), no help for new venture.
	So don't overtly depend on KY for purification and even if it works well - grats can cause bandhan.
		rely heavily on other yogic systems also.
	Krishna doesn't control in short term with micromanaged positive and negative reinforcements for sins like animal killings, etc 
		rather it may be reversed it is Krishna who has made these animals tasty for other species
		well, primarily cuz that's the jivo jivasya jivanam - so you can choose from your menu (menu of experiences in life) and choose that life of tiger or getting karmic reactions of getting into victims's shoes.
		remember shreyas and preyas - preyas is short term pleasure so positive reinforcements for material existence and not short positive reinforcements for Spirituality.
	MOP is highly rewarding but has its shortcomings like narrow lanes forgetting higher purpose in the run
		hankering, lamentations, anger, agitations. So people enrol into it with choice.
		Eg - Syami has a tilt toward MOP but has MOG in a pretty good state also 
			I see him in varna and ashram quite good and experienced (which is more valuable than knowledge and networking).
			I think he has paid the price in the past cuz of painful times when he was not prepared to face the world even though he was quite good already.
FND - PIES - Self Love transcends ego cultivation
	Trans to ego cultivation is Self Love and not love for others (horizontal scaling) and love for Krishna (vertical scaling) 
	the stability of self love is necessary or favorable (MOG) for vertically serving the next layer 
	which is also love - being brahman (parabrahman); and also for horizontal scaling - love for humanity at different grains.
FND - PIES - eventually although specialization wrt occupation even science, arts and commerce also merge or synthesize in real world 
	like tech meant for commerce and interviews and debates leveraging knowledge from humanities and arts.
FND - PIES - IQ vision from PIES perspective - ask yourself, what egos are you targetting that are aligned with your self love 
	your deepest desires, your cultivated conditional self, your delights and hankerings or aspirations 
		not the ones influenced or downloaded from others but the ones you feel inspired to do from inside.
	what would you do anyways? - money earning is an added bonus on it (economically viable) but that's the true me - what are fascinations.
	Business is more of a sponsor to let me do what I like to do.
FND - PIES - Meta - what is PIES vs SQ 
	SQ is spiritual specialization studies vs PIES is its application or aaroh pantha's (philosophy and science) application to different frontiers of life.
FND - PIES - "let go" is a great power. If you give attention to eth that surfaces, you can't focus and go deeper into something.
	Too much of let go is MOI and too little of let go is MOP who can't do anything worthwhile in spite of being active.
FND - PIES - 1 clarification - people already are in MOG wrt different layers.
	If 1 is in MOP wrt ego - it is already given that they are in MOG wrt to all the lower layers primarily so as to bear the demands of ego grats.
	Many people are in MOP wrt to spiritual layer - so they have huge self love and serve others (horizontally) really well (humungously), but they are unaware of any layer beyond this.
FND - PIES - VA growing in them vertically - how well higher layers are served by them and horizontally - how widely you get to serve on material realm
	V - Scales of horizontal services as advocated by vertical layers - How many customers and size of customers. You as a group or org or enterprise serve - what is your role - how big a fish are you - measurement of evolving in your services (money, position, dependents, guide vs doer or arch vs engr) - daily scrum for this concrete ego.
	A - Scales of horizontal services as advocated by vertical layers - granularities - guests (like friends, colleagues, relatives, etc), party events organized, trips organized with friends. You alone b4 marriage. Can have friends, relatives, etc as allies or strategic partners for the same. How to measure (arch vs engr - initiative taker)?
		Daily scrum for this - ?no concrete ego here cuz here knowledge required is wide ERP stuffs like buying stuffs and experiences across what exists in market and its understandings (science).
FND - PIES - everything is achievable but it has a price and constant scrum evaluation of yourself at regular intervals (day, week, month, etc) wrt where you stand and where you wanna go.
	but only thing to check is do you really want (soul's deepest desire), are you willing to pay the price for it 
	cuz if you "kinda want it" then you might not be willing to pay the price when challenges show up.
	Also, important to check, is it your deepest desire - even if you stretch to pay the price and get it - how will you respond?
		will it fully satiate you (conditionally) or will you say that it was not what you wanted or you would rather do something else.
FND - PIES - transcendental to ego is self love at spiritual platform 
	it also has horizontal scaling of loving humanity and jivas (manifesting in VA affecting lower layer pleasures with a purpose or abstract use case).
	Transcendental to soul is supersoul.
FND - PIES - Goal view of life - I am always, at any given moment, working towards some goal directed towards a vision which can be updated in daily scrum.
FND - PIES - Story telling - Communities also include my places of study or acads - NIT JSR, IIITB, KV, Siemens, Infy, etc. Also include these in your stories.
FND - PIES - Management - In Varna, Ashram, etc - Have your expectations from a role clear and make those expectations clear from the outset.
	Management at flexibile granularity 
		give control but if not up to the mark then increase micromanaging to some degree.
		If very responsible and can be trusted, then give a little free hand to measure much less granular targets.
		This increasing granularity is also can be 1-time, recurring as per need.
		Eg - Maid forgets to clean a room is a sign of less responsibility and so she needs to be controlled with higher granularity like reminding her of cleaning next time.
			Can be one time - like saying it one time what you can do is follow this sequence of steps.
			OR it could be reminding them every time which is undesirable to start with but may be necessary eventually in some cases.
FND - PIES - Pursuit of excellence. All works ultimately get done. Our attention is to get it done the way we want it - customize the situation.
	We don't want to just pass through solution but we want to plan thru, grow thru and learn from (evolve thru) the experience; besides setting an example for the world.
FND - PIES - 1 way IQ or varna becomes really good is when EQ or ashram habits reinforce that.
	Eg - Joey in Friends TV series preparing for show hosting Or Ross preparing for professorship - both playing such games with friends in mild mode for any good experience.
FND - PIES - Marriage or home - HCM parts.
	Meet - Recruit. See if it's a great match - considering everything.
	Greet - Induction. 
		Family culture introduction.
			How company is a fortune.
			Help on HCM related works - Income Tax, leaves, etc.
		Work related - Team Members - Family members; Different dept. mentorship, buddy.
			Functional and non-functional details, technical details, management details on who's who.
	Treat - 3 parts.
		N - Healthy atmosphere to keep them motivated for purpose - let's call it expectation.
			Rapport creation for quality work (fun related) - Rapport with family members.
			Mutual Growth (work related) - Take up targets together and achieve them. Personal like NIC+E attention.
		I - All funs and frolics (fun related) - Games, music, worldly interests.
			Rewards System (work related) - appraisals for role growth and salary increase - 
		C - No unhealthy work behavior. RAW.
		E - NA but in general, Good work culture for higher layer gratification.
FND - PIES - Sometimes MOP people may threaten or micro-manage others; assigning them or throwing low level work at others.
	Solution - Based on BKVS mode of working the following cases show up.
		If your mindset is planner then you can shoot some approach related suggestions while complying. OR they may do it but fork for another more interesting work in parallel.
		If you are another leader and you are devoted (Bhakti) then instead of competing or fighting - you will go for democratic leadership where right commands are followed and others agreed on and execution divided aptly.
		If you are a value creator, then you will still comply but propose an approach and raise a voice if leadership does see value creation in the process. They are also executors of value creation.
		If you are 1 who observed low level tasks, it is glorious for you to do it.
	The idea is to see inspiration even in threatening situation cuz we are hell bent on making Karma into Karma Yoga.
		Take inspiration of Karma from them but for yoga they are not the best guides.
	And attitude wise we are determined to adapt and fight anarthas - this attitude is enough - everything else will be taken care of.
	Managers may not necessarily be micro-controllers; they may be ppl who inspire and influence without authority.
	How are some people in MOP so very good at what they do - worse still they may sometimes use their talent to threaten others.
		1 thing is they create really good impression with whatever they do cuz that's their prime focus.
		another is that in competitive spirit they are willing to pay any price to get distinction which a normal person won't.
		But MOG person sees it all but won't burn night candle like fool. He will delegate and go for balanced and smartest approach.
		But after all this hard work and toil, they may choose to snub others, threaten somebody, ridicule them or inspire others, be a role model, be an example, etc
			but that's their choice.
			Doesn't mean that they didn't have to put in perseverence 
			they are to be respected for their toil anyway - a smart person sees that hard work 
			and don't create a highly overfitted understanding that their behavior is what has made them successful 
			Such behavior may help in short term but for long term the desired price has to be paid.
FND - PIES - all time for BJDK for Avaroh and Aaroh pantha in morning and later parts. Introspection is the connection - avoid during the day but acceptable still.
	Some time for scrum, scome time for unconditional uncontextual learning and then problem solving work for some purpose (which also includes contextual learning (exploration, innovation), analytics, etc).
FND - PIES - Physics framework, libraries. Geo civics narrative physics technology chem layers geo framework tech lib, VA economy polities civics sophistication, residence esmd buffers, buffers at home, body, etc. Pockets of city in vastness, water mgmt, etc.
FND - PIES - 1 new word and a whole new system update and inc appreciation for kc which is endless sky to explore and every exploration has depth and width of flavor and experience to them.
	Social Science - Software View
		Being adhyaksh (view from trans) - pies of life - go trans, too trans then no pies view - lower a little. 
			Radiowave, etc libs used. History stories of those narratives in civics.
		Relative world - present seems huge in face of other things but pies view or trans view reveals otherwise. 
			We make narratives in the realm of laws of civics - framework 
			and standardizations of economics - libraries.
			Rupa G - where to sign - the spirit of being superior is missing from those who actually are. True champs don't need to play cheap.
		With civics libraries - exception can be made thru keeping khata, bargain, pay later etc. With framework, it can be exception availing, transcend mgr to higher mgmt, challenge status quo with reasoning, ignoring, fighting, etc.
		Isn't love more like rent till you buy - brilliant economic model. Of course at expense of transcendence SQ but at realm itself sounds fine. 
			Why not - arranged doesn't come with baggage of emotional stakes and permits you to be rational with your set of choices. 
			Emotions also present good intuition but emotional baggage and break ups if not. Those intuition in short evaluation also. 
			But growing stakes with time and difficult rollback but so is with love after family is involved. 
			Acid attacks, revenge, betrayal, murder all originate from lust cuz heart break is tough. 
			Agitated state of hankering, illusion or lamentation are not conducive for sp life.
		Exit space or implementation space also supports writing a framework. Eg framework of flights has exit space for warehouse mgmt. Our srm solution space over byd or x4 or nw or ngap framework has pd framework in itself.
		Baby care is much like problem solving in the exit space in larger framework which already takes care of the baby. Given a behavior find out problem faced by baby to address what baby wants - that's fear side. Desire side - foundations giving to baby, ingrain ideas, etc. Opportunity to guide proclivity to love as proxy of sp realm and duty of legacy and being allowed to be an exit in transcendental framework.
FND - PIES - Uncat - discrimination and determination many a times determination alone is not enough it has to be properly guided by discrimination for proper output to take rest for example treatment from sickness. 
FND - PIES - Swearing words should be replaced by words of responsibility and saying sth maybe shit but what's the opportunity here to make things better and acceptance. It's not shit really - all try their best and you are not aligned to tattva - that's all or maybe sth really needs change so how do you address that or transcend that.
FND - PIES - belt breaks right b4 leaving. What a timing - health means back up is there - resource wise, plan wise, you know what to do. You can handle it.
	Not using chimney spoilt the chimney.
	Standardizations is so important - lapse when u don't standardize baby as well. Rules to solve your projects - but sometimes exception must be made and dare to do that and how exactly so as to not disrupt the system. When persuading 
FND - PIES - Breaking Rules - Someone a combination of hard stand and soft cajjoling works like charm. That breaking of rule gives a great advantage but system disruption so others find it objectionable and unless necessary let's be kind to others as well.
	While breaking rules (Eg - passing thru wrong side of toll for Adhrit) 
		not asking but telling and overriding it and combo with requesting but strongly - please co-operate vs please consider.
		A realm is composed of a set of rules that govern them but some dissatisfaction then change it.
		Spartacus for eg, British freedom eg, those lapse like jaliyanwala help the narrative. 
		Partition phase 7 unhappy with decisions and narrative so anger expressed as human so legal takes it course but it's some input for future narrative and stories. 
		Not that they didn't try their best during partition but stakes with such decisions are really dang high and you can't get away giving shit to population.
		Standardizations that being aptly equipped with right set of resources that solve a problem - like 4gb can't do big data, dang even small data like ebay project development lifecycle - it chokes. 
FND - PIES - Henceforth, it is not even about facing fears but harnessing fears because that way I am assured of discipline.
	Socializing is also a great help but that's also challenging yourself. Why give up happens - why not pushing until next challenge - it's possible - just a habit.
	Like in enjoy mood you don't think you can fast but try it and you will and hence could. So, cultivate this habit or a life guided by egos of choices.
	Sometimes challenges very demanding - saying i have to be healthy or confident or fearless in spite of my current situation.
	Live life on ego layer just like gladiators in Spartacus. Ego layers are slowest but most satisfying - paying price by constantly challenging yourself and gradient descent over it.
FND - PIES - Spiritual reflection on life immediately after marriage - Doesn't mean you will have no emotions in name of equanimity - that's perfection but during the path you will experience emotions but krishna will come out of those flow of emotions like flow of control in programming. Like samudra manthan. This statement gave me spiritual ecstasy.
	There are also chance encounters that i may follow or not but on reflection those chances will all add up like a plan like well knit piece of cloth can't be chance.
FND - PIES - 1 pattern recognition - many people just word what is happening or gonna happen to take credit. Or narrative in mind is set and labelling psychological technique is used to elicit behavior or fun. VA is standardization over anarthas so it's not just kc drill down - so accept anarthas in ppl.
FND - PIES - They are not mop but mog with mop only at spiritual layer and mog in other layers - that's why so powerful. Do the needful is not stingy work but planning dag to perform excellence in future point in time - in order to drive car immediately after marriage you have to be expert b4 it meaning transactional challenges b4 show time and higher stake travel.
FND - PIES - Standardization and not infatuated is necessary for performance but if infatuated then enjoyment focus and lost balance and standardization - you are not escaping higher layer by being lost in that - so mop is actually moi from higher layer perspective.
FND - PIES - Communications is gonna be a very rewarding thing in pies.
FND - PIES - VA may seem like realms of enjoyment but factually they are realms of service. You always work hard to meet 7's nic+e - ur own to start with as client but horizontal scaling for becoming a server. I was depressed that i worked on EQ for 2 years and still so many Lacunae. The difference is I had to be a client b4 becoming a server - server is more arch and complete and dependability demanding than being an independent self styled client.
FND - PIES - A book called "Yet Another Perspective on life". 
FND - PIES - integration over EQData will make a story. Anecdotes are short term delights and good for recall to relate.
FND - PIES - I call them mummy appa but it's material world - you can never forget that the real undercurrent is KC and material fundamental laws. I am a very simple person - like I order food and I expect it to be delivered but real world involves exception handling for everything - runtime and compile time errors so address them properly.
FND - PIES - Please don't get infatuated in relationship with wife although mog goes thru mop practically speaking although theoretically it is possible to be at mog to start with. It should be affectionate always but not infatuation and attachment is natural but to what end becomes the question - matter or spirit. Don't deny yourself - mummy appa continued watching mahabharat and cable tv but of course not at expense of practical things. Mama listening morning bhajans and papa leaves discussion when done with it so self acceptance everywhere and yes, intro guests to your interests.
FND - PIES - VA is not a big deal - I have managed to do all things by myself alone but in real world a group comes together to make somethings awesome.
	I don't have hate situations cuz those same situations are gonna make me grow like never before.
FND - PIES - There are many mistakes in suggestions (go for 0 or go for 1 approach - both have pros and cons), already existing setups, etc 
	but we want is decisions of our own, and if wrong, then mistakes of our own. Btw, no such thing as wrong decision  these are like video game checkpoints which are neither right nor wrong but package of good and bad experiences  you decide which one you opt for given all tradeoffs and real world non-discrete values. Mba discuss about it, fight over it but fact is arch level skyline value in n-dim space  take your pick intelligently or for fun like video game.
	You may say classification of 0/1 on a decision making doesnt matter to me for real world n-dim subjects but it should  cuz I am also a stakeholder here with nic+e and my happiness even in material realm matters.
	Dont accept scolding from anybody  accept the logic part only cuz first, nothing aint big deal, next we are in realm where theres nothing absolutely right or wrong  its a classification based on personal interests.
	I dont want external success in worldly eyes at cost but success that I believe in. Get the habit of eval +/- of eth and siding as per personal bias. Eg  scolded for light not switched on or bathroom open so no ac => justify concretely or abstract reasoning but fight.
FND - PIES - Play in realm of strengths - like gajendra pastime. Why would you go out for buying clothes without smartphone - good challenge but so dangerous. Your hardware gotta be perfect - eg bad ram for ooad project. Ability to insult a person is an art - using apt gaaliyan.
	Process of evolution - knowledge, plan, get hands dirty, retrospect and get better. Emotions and experience (product and service) - usecase internal and external of ashram and achievement and money - usecase external and internal of varna. Guests and allies and networking are partners or leads but not end use case.
FND - PIES - Simple question and lots of beating about bush - still that bush can boost your knowledge. If it is repetition, it can be revision but fire the head on question at the full stop.
FND - PIES - small things make big impact but to know that small thing (Dhyan) takes some knowledge (Jnana). Situation may be challenging but it may turn out that there was 1 wrong turn sometime in past and changing that will solve everything - 1 small thing and a world of difference in final experience.
FND - PIES - Levels of plans and retro - Release plan, sprint plan, day plan, task plan, approach plan (alternate/help seeking plan)
FND - PIES - IQ Products are stories and resume is your narrative over the story.
FND - PIES - Bandhan is a state not in actions or choices. Spiritual world is achieved when 2 choices are made - 1 I want spiritual world (Artha Pravritti) and 2 I don't want material world.
	Weak heartedness is attachment that you can't give up - think honey on knife is too tasty to give up.
	means you have yet not reached the state necessary to qualify spiritual world 
	by escaping worldly experience you don't get willingness to give it up.
	It is spiritual experience and realizing material world shortcomings thru shastra chakshu and worldly experience. 
	Of course, love as substitute of spirituality but also the respective layers - that we don't really need achievements, fun, etc. 
	Premature decision to stop valuing them is disastrous for worldly life - these are meant to be realizations 
		not that they are boring or futile but rather pale away in front of spiritual fire.
	Practically speaking, you will overindulge (MOP b4 MOG) which is better than MOI but standardize it to the needful (MOG)
		so that you can view your and others' experiences in spiritual light otherwise VA takes lifetimes for evolution.
	So, in conclusion, like varna, we enjoy intellectual grats, in ashram we enjoy mental grats but in both cases, that's desire incentives but VA is bigger than that - so many services rendering involved - also the mindset of service - learnings of master data, transactional, config and analytics involved.
	Ashram is more than wife btw - it includes friends, parents, siblings, fans, etc.
	So 2 tracks of attachments to spirituality and investment into material world should co-exist.
		Former for artha pravritti and latter to see things as they are (tattva) - it is fabulous journey - enjoy the trip.
		In the process you will develop attachment to material world also - it is meant to be - but that's not causing bandhan - that's just accepting your current state - denial will only make it difficult and unnatural (not spontaneous).
		Focus on performing excellent in VA and primarily your seva vritti will grow and bhog vritti will be satiated. You will realize the folly with bhog vritti but growing horizontal scaling of seva vritti will help in spiritual evolution also.
		Fear of getting lost in VA? - you should get lost in Jnana and Dhyan but your head-on spirituality will help you but you are not really getting lost with retros and intros.
	You want to giver good services like driving but you don't serve them troubling  yourself - you help them after taking care of yourself - so horizontal scaling is never at expense of oneself.
FND - PIES - Deep thinking in varna, shallow in ashram, leap of faith to try everything, accept people's suggestions and act on them, don't think too much. Surrender to the waves is precisely what I am saying. Share probs and don't keep to urself - more ideas, perspectives, ways of thinking else limited by own experience.
FND - PIES - Ashram benefit is channelled expression of anarthas.
	Ashram helps adhyatma in following ways.
	Expose anarthas urs and others.
	Channelled expression of anarthas - even necessary not just desirable - you must channel your anger properly.
	artha expressions encourages - importance vs reactive mode.
	Me to We thinking. btw, ashram is more than wife - it's family, relatives, friends, fan/idol etc - different primary rasas.
FND - PIES - CS - we are also MVC at work or home - Views changing is the goals and we are the controllers with our strategies to carry out with best algo we can think of - we have some internal mind models or external utility models for changing the views (1 configuration or state to another).
FND - PIES - why have I encountered troubles almost at every big juncture of ego cultivation - which doesn't happen with others so much.
	see opportunity in adversities - all great people had to go thru troubles.
	practically, cuz you have not been 1 with the realm - some people are incentivized by fear, some by desire, some have roots in duty and love but when you deny MOP and MOI which should not be, then it's possible that you have no incentive left for alignment and you end up disregarding the necessary effort.
	Other times, in spite of not falling short, things don't work. That's just life - karma or randomness but alignment means you will do the needful when that happens.
FND - PIES - ML type learning of gradient descent is important in life but more important is AI type life where every entry into a game is done with attention and some algorithmic approach in mind 
	if you don't feel like planning that ML type approach is best cuz pain will drive you from there and whatever little pleasure you extract.
FND - PIES - All I want is maximum leverage from experiences - revelations about the nature of material at different angles of vision and to ensure that PPP is applied properly for future for effectiveness.
FND - PIES - There is balance of everything - even corrections, complaints - too little and too much - either way people complain and you also find it falling short of perfection.
FND - PIES - Jiju's brother - It's not a competition - never was, never will be - so it is important that you display superiorities in some ways and praise other person in some ways - that way you know that it's a multidimensional case there is no use competing but more useful to celebrate the uniqueness.
FND - PIES - Very important evolutionary understanding.
	In essence, SVAF should be favorable for evolution in spirituality, phenomenal, social, home or personal sense and unfavorable should be avoided in all specified ways.
	First all SVAF are important including Foundation which means health - so ignoring health is also MOI and obsession with health for sake of health is also MOP.
		Eg - body building with no end result can be MOP.
	Varna - Levels of use cases
		Varna should help spirituality head on or giving favors to Krishna or KC (best, positive) and should not destroy spirituality (worst, negative) but normally, should create a suitable ground for future or part time spirituality. Yes favors to Krishna is also varna only.
		Varna should help phenomenal head on (nature or demigods for best, positive) - like carbon footprint reducing, respecting nature's cycles and at least not ugra karma or hurting nature but ideally or normally, create suitable envt for part time nature goodness creation or create suitable ground for nature favors in future.
		Varna should help society and so forth - can varna do harm to society - yes thru drugs, stealing, etc and so forth. 
		Varna should help family and relatives at least and not exploit them and so forth.
	Ashram - Your products at home, services from society, associations, personal practices, etc should help all usecases and not disturb them.
		to be expounded later. Eg - bad paintings vs nature paintings, roof extensions, deck at home and no1 can study, etc. Burning hay is actually varna.
	Foundation or health - cartesian product of all layers X favorable for all use case levels - spirituality (Krishna), phenomenal (demigods), social, home, personal.
		Eg - for physical health eating meat is bad for spirituality - cardinality is m*n.
FND - PIES - Story for HIMYM and the like vs how it works - every story nourishes the understanding of how it works or has a few exceptions that evokes feelings.
FND - PIES
	MOG varna perfection - partner being out favored - so in ashram - external and internal - lots of money + lots of opulence + experiences.
	quality - sp > ego (ur) > intel (achieve) > enjoyment.
	Quality - SAP > new comers for serving ERP.
FND - PIES - Incentive - like a friend younger but earning like a lot but values make difference.
	Fear <- Spirituality -> Desire and pull from top by Duty - so 3 pulls. (Sin; favors; Alignment)
	---------The layer of nature------------ (hell; heaven; all utils)
	Fear <- VA -> Desire (lonely / lousy; huge hefty balance star; stability) - pull of spirituality from top - coming from all the directions spiritual fear, desire, duty, and love for the thing itself and not a pull.
	Fear <- Foundation -> Desire (sucked mango; apple of eye; maintaining) - pull of VA and spirituality from all directions of FDDL.
FND - PIES - Challenge of grats at ego layer in spiritual garb - very seductive and challenging - it's not just karmic reactions but also lessons and mind betterment.
FND - PIES - If I was victim that means transaction without security so a lesson.
FND - PIES - Specialness not in ppl but experiences (customized experiences) like Varna Ashram - you drive, e1 drives; but experience matters, quality and like varna make experience custom made for your grats.
FND - PIES - MOP - Grats, MOG - CRUD and CMAT for stability, MOI - let go or ignore (while hacking into gratifications)
FND - PIES - Analysis vs synthesis - bottom up or top down learning - both are reqd. only top down means blast of knowledge and unorganized so shocked.
	only bottom up then theoretical and less confidence. Gotta jump into the pool. Eg - to be good at communications - learn the art but practice it.
	Or getting a girl for marriage selection or living - gotta understand and gotta practice. Similarly for career.
FND - PIES - on ego layer, there is a personal (or professional) career or varna identity cultivation as culmination of all achievement efforts
	similarly, there's social awareness or ashram identity cultivation 
	this isn't all achievement culminating into 1 concrete ego for myself 
	but all achievements serving a set of expertise in turn serving a social or ashram identity.
	eg - learning baseball isn't supposed to be my ashram identity but learning carromboard or basketball can be. 
	Eg - Buying a trending product gives me more social credits than buying 1st launch product that the nation is alien to.
FND - PIES - Exception handling 
	what will you do if call comes while you are using stopwatch or have taken it to stage. 
	What if bike stops working in dead of night while returning from DKCOM taking place outta city; 
	what if maps stops working at night or battery runs out, etc. 
	Train postal service to deliver NIT JSR contents and it was taken to Pathankot 
		and returned after almost a week after repetitive follow ups cuz they forgot to pick the luggage at right station.
FND - PIES - Everywhere it is the play of love
	all 9 stages of bhakti ain't just applicable to DS but also to objects and people within this material existence.
	Think P#RN, think liking for music, think liking for your field, think your ego - efforts involved for bhakti vary and 
		so do returns along with patience and perseverence involved.
FND - PIES - E1 different, values, purpose, vision
	solution cluster together with commons standardized with punishment for falling too much out - outlier!
	Ignore event (Change topic, suppress event), Let him know you don't like it, others don't like it (not in your self interest), consequences of being ignored (doesn't make you feel good),
		or lesser interactions, pinged => verbal disagreement, verbal challenging the world view, personal verbal attacks, personal physical attack.
	7's logic is wrong or not in alignment with OO living world - gets into defense mode
		stick to the logics and it's lesser about person - more about getting solution.
	make believe others - 
		affirm the validity of the statement proposed and also the applicability in problem solving - if 7 burns (for their own misalignment), it was their fault
		"getting solution is all that matters" will work wonders - remember Rahul style - do it for them or/and let them know.
	compare change logs also.
FND - PIES - Need is neutral it's Duty Platform. Interest is Desire and Concern is Fear - all are important. Also they have a mapping to MMN.
	To balance the things, the best idea is to target the Needful and devote extra time to Interests.
	Work in this sequence - Concerns be eliminated (eg - our customer commitments, tickets), Needs be addressed, Interests be pursued.
	C - Late, Silent Meeting, IDK to support / Colleagues, extravagant knocking seniors' doors, Dev not (or can't be) started or obstacle not intimated, capabilities or tool or tech (regex) not known
	N - Punctual, Meetings PS Participation, Consulation - [Support ]Colleagues Helping in Application Component, Customers All Tickets Solve, Takt Plan (Cust Promise) development done
	I - Innowah, Leading meetings with the vision, Sessions for Support Colleagues, helping Colleagues with full responsibility of your application area, Delivering more than takt plan.
	Start a task with end in mind - what is this sitting about and do whatever it takes to get to the end.
FND - PIES - FP is an expression of unexpressed anger. Learn the art to express your anger; your concerns more importantly. It is unfulfilled lust - but why not- you gotta identify with what you are doing. Eg- Krishna's goal is no longer his, it becomes yours and you have your lust associated with that vision.
FND - PIES - Address your concerns - think how long nfp been with you - it's indicating something - why not do it - that's what God wants.
FND - PIES - Tripod of Mind, S-men (chakras), Pran
	agitate 1, others get agitated
	relax 1, others get relaxed (better)
	elevate 1, others get elevated (deep)
	S-men elevate thru finding higher expressions in life.
FND - PIES - read somewhere - need to validate - four pillars to crafting the meaningful life - are 'Purpose,' 'Belonging,' 'Storytelling,' and 'Transcendence.' 
FND - PIES - Mistake of being oblivious to the surroundings
	what you speak in a setting must conform to the tastes of surroundings - else you end up pleasing a set and displeasing the other.
	Best policy is speaking truth and what you believe in - jokes are permitted to dissuade from truth but in formal setting, they may end up doing disservice than service.
FND - PIES - Psychology for Ashram and Economics for Varna. Social Science aspects.
FND - PIES - Growth
	Personal
		Health
		Spirituality
	Worldly
		Consumer
		Career
FND - PIES - Projection of VAS stories can be narrated with appropriation in VAS remaining ones but not all and not completely - just a projection.
FND - PIES - Narrative having is Desire platform - fear platform you accept others narratives cuz you don't have aggression for your own and fear pain for yourself.
	duty also has narrative but dictated by bigger than myself stuff.
FND - PIES - WHY SO SERIOUS?
	Nth is worthy of seriousness - it is all the means for the goal that really matters.
FND - PIES - Basis of relp in phenomenal existence is configuration, values and vision. It isn't and shouldn't even be the self itself.
	For Mind configuration, we have A and V for Intellect configuration. S can be served by DS and matters the most. Greatest pleasures also exist at higher layers.
FND - PIES - standardize people - leverage them when needed.
	you can give this task to him - he can handle it.
FND - PIES - Arch
	ovs by specific team not consumers making n types of OVS.
	with code also - consumers writing similar codes for master data consumption - util class needed.
FND - PIES - Even the order should be like that - 
	love of the craft itself,
		why DS? cuz it's fun executing it.
	for sake of standardization of the utilities
		pure learning - data models and process models - hello world standardizations.
		why SB and BG - for sake of standardization of what's possible and study what's it worth. Mainly tattva aspect covered (not lila aspect)
	narrative - what immediate project or some other time project.
		why DS? in pursuits of some projects for getting the rewards.
		covers lila aspect (past, present) - role models what they have or are doing.
			basically case studies of tattva.
	fears - absolved from.
FND - PIES - All enjoyments of the world are expressions or reflections of SCA (Sat Cit Ananda) aspect of the soul manifested in the realm - think of them as projections.
	so VA lifts us from expressions of SCA on bodily level to mental and intellectual level.
		that's why LCM says good answer but give a better one.
	at bodily level SCA projects as ESMD (Eating Sleeping Mating Defending)
	Fear Desire Duty Love can be seen as 2 stages individual SCA and mature/ larger picture's SCA.
		Duty is alignment to the bigger picture or mature picture because of self interest - fear and desire combined.
		Love is alignment to the bigger picture for no personal interest reason but just cuz you personally believe in it.
	In marriage, the incentives can be once more FDDL only (which maps to MMN) - it is co-existence to increase the probability of SCA.
		higher incentive is encouraged but can't fool ourselves - lesser the higher layer, more there will be dependence on the lower layer and must be fulfilled.
		so put it like this - give priority to higher layers and don't ignore the lower layers.
		In love marriage, you have more time but emotions do take you for a toss and chances to remain rational reduce 
			vs in arranged marriage you can be rational but chances to talk interesting and get emotions involved is lesser.
	SCA - these are our dharma - to serve is just how you get to them at spiritual layer. These are fundamental blocks we are looking for.
		Cit is knowledge - it is the specs that assigns meaning to the things - how off you feel when you don't know what's going on OR when you lack perspective on a stimulus or situation.
		Eternity and Happiness we are always after - that's the incentive.
		Even SCA can be crudely seen as -0+ respectively.
FND - PIES - What is Life?
	Life is fun. Life is Problem Solving. Life is egos cultivation and expression. Life is spiritual journey. 
	All of these statements are correct - they are just focussing on different dimensions of life.
	Must celebrate your achievements. Be it dancing or running with "yes!" while thinking about what was right and courage to solve the gaps.
FND - PIES - Follow your heart or beliefs
	I don't even believe in regulation in sleeping - this is sign of MOP
	in every MMN you really believe your stand is the best - you are willing to fight or argue over it
	MOI really believes in what he does. MOP really believes in that. MOG really believes in stuff. In their argument - flow will move to who is influential.
	But think about it - it is better to be accountable for time and standardized eth including varna than working hard with blunt axe.
FND - PIES - Follow non-confrontational growth - respect, gratitude, willingness to help and ask for help when more than 2 hours on 1 problem, etc.
	This goes a long way.
FND - PIES - Follow your bliss - for your actions and words to come in alignment with your your subtle body or conditional state. Also, eventually your subtle body to come in alignment with your constitutional state but keep ignoring that cuz of tradeoff with immediate grats.
FND - Scrum - What's her nature? Write a resume for it. Also that for other people that matter in 1st level relp, 2nd level and so forth - direct relp, then foaf type and then ahead for all 12 rasas.
FND - Scrum - alternate days for focussed PersonalErp, HomeErp and SocialErp Master Data Learnings. Discussions go in any directions.
FND - Scrum - EQ Backlogs - Driving, City Exploration - how much is done and how much is remaining.
FND - Scrum
	CDT terms logic needs a little change - add_month is implied when date has already passed and should not consider add month - will do that.
	Planning to work on a migrated PO based insident - update on cost distribution on SIV for migrated GSA should not happen.
		I will do analysis and then discuss it with Karthik sometime today.
FND - Scrum - Kritika - Becoming an alpha for her - by meeting or exceeding her nic+e.
FND - Scrum - My current state of art is that i am her friend in pain or concern but not friend in need (travel) and friend in interest or pleasure. The same is true for my varna and other ashram realms. I have to do homework to be a friend in need and interest - the importance is reducing but all are important.
FND - Scrum - Fighting narrative - give a narrative to concerned ppl until they fight back with alternate narrative which is more compelling - eg - come inside you children - no, we haven't taken dinner yet.
FND - Scrum - Narrative - I am decent at networking but not an initiative taker. Changing nature is difficult but for Kritika I can try to change my behavior first and nature later. Something that I am not obliged to do but I wanna. Just let me know asap sth is objectionable and I will change it.
FND - Scrum - My observation is I like performance time or stage time and prep time and I don't have to change that but embellish my nature with all skills and knowledge and attitude - not that you be 7 but art if communications should be best - else what did you learn. Btw, Not stating the obvious is not a nature but a behavior. So, no mis-applications. Just follow your bliss is the key.
FND - Scrum - Everyday - movie, songs, affirmation, jokes. All life logs => Story telling or abstract experience master data.
	Stories events in life with nic+e - concerns on health - past health issues your own or others. 
	Initiatives in health in past and so with other layers. 
	Exact trace - she said he came late, woke early and busy yoga that means doesn't value once more - a drop to unsettle them. Discuss with her the times for my master data. 
	Social server can be everyday news. You should give her plans.
	Erp transactional data is not just need based but also interest based like movies, songs, jokes, dance, fun vids. Trips and food - physical or at least on tv.
	Always so many threads working.
FND - Scrum - Take domain topics like drugs, foodie in delhi places, etc - thread to street food in general like master data - just make it interesting for you as well.
	Triggers for jokes to be identified - cuz compromise on seriousness will make joker loathsome. Being denied a kiss as she turns. Confirmation that the real problem has been talkative nature engagement - quite frankly that's secondary to really caring for her. But it's a skill to cultivate and not a nature - throw away your nature if you must.
FND - Scrum - Your problem is you conclude too quickly - have some khap with it. Can't stay at home. 
FND - Scrum - I am arch at aptitude and attitude but literally takes effort, learning, getting hands dirty, etc which these folks have practiced since birth.
FND - Scrum - Write your resume for life trace across dimensions like career, driving, etc - these are not stories, anecdotes or standardization but logs which are very important in discussion and art of interviews.
FND - Scrum - weekly scrum planning and retro and soa talks. Daily - some common entertainment and life exploring for 1 hr each or together. If not, entertainment together then independent then discussion.
FND - Scrum - 1.5 hrs + 0.5 hrs of break (socializing) * 4 constitutes a day for now - I can't make it 50-50 just yet.
FND - Scrum - Need to analytics on her and before prospects - analytics is sth I anyways like but can't do too much - solution - have Me time (master data learning and Exploration (includes personal fun also) 2 hrs vs Transactional Time - discussions, plans or anything 2 hrs wd).
FND - Scrum - do planning for varna and retro for ashram in morning and vv in evening after work. Throughout day - little bit of introspection is ok but more focus on socializing - getting your hands dirty.
FND - Scrum - What's IQ World - what is its syllabus - what all does it involve (following details pretty much captures resume or person's essence)? Workday is composed of following.
	Master - DMPM of techs and tools/ Frameworks/ Domain. Abstract learning (tech and domain concepts) and concrete learning (project specific)
	Transactional (Hiearchical experience and Stories) - New or improvement of existing systems. Time constraints, correctness, completeness, exception handling, etc.
		coordination with colleagues for transactional work - frame guidance (beginning), titbit guidance (next stage), self reliance and helping others full responsibility (pro).
		arch - evaluate possibilities to choose the best given all tradeoffs.
	Config - Mails and meetings for updates and Plan making for transactional also.
	Analytics - For innovations, ideas, discussions, etc.
FND - Scrum - Ashram Usecases - 
	Transactions (richer resume/ experiences)
	Networking (Partners - enjoy with, service from, service to)
	Discussions (stories, help services), 
	Hobbies (concrete learning and abstract learnings)
	Means - Madhyam is Master DMPM across levels (how it works), all (MCAT) for discussions, try to give favors (seek others problems, life, plans -0+ or NIC+E of life).
FND - Scrum - Full responsibility for eth encountered in PIES.
FND - Scrum for PIES - In order to serve the use case of VA (Being Social Producer and Consumer resp), 3 tracks for VA are required as goals. Go for top down approach.
	Managerial View - How different teams interact, what are processes in the company.
	Transactional - Highest importance (REL - BYD transactional data uses business partners). Consumption that goes into resume.
		Scrum - Plan, Execute, Retrospect Cycles (different scales of these cycles).
	Transactional Master ->
		BuPa - Networking - Maintaining partners and allies.
			Needs mastery over discussions and communications.
			viz - Debates (logic, Vak patuta or hazir jawaab), Story Telling, Art of Interview, etc.
			List people and OSume for the them.
			A - Family, Relatives, Friends (different levels), Master/Servant, Fans/Idols.
			V - Feature Members, Team Members, Product Mates, Company Fellow, Field Friend, Same Stream - types senior, equal, junior.
		Products Services - Standardize and Hobbies - Being client and server hello worlds.
			Needs master data theory - at abstract and concrete levels.
			On Field Learning (KT and questions, updates), Exploration (find or excavate knowledge), Innovation (add missing pieces).
	Master - Abstract Theory and DMPM (Regex)
		A - PersonalErp, HomeErp, SocialErp
		V - Specialization from most generic career, way till, raw material or prerequisites before starting work in project.
FND - Scrum - pressure to grow in va - measure to manage - measure what? FDDL - fear cost function, desire for profit function, duty bigger than myself, love - it's me - ashram growth keep measuring and feel good about every step upwards.
FND - Scrum - Meta for Notes making
	About - 
		My prime focus is to develop DMPM for everything specified under and keep enriching it with time so study based approach is better. 
		Experiences are for pattern recognition.
	EQ - Concepts Pertaining to Ashram including relationships, etc.
		ConsumerERPs - Abstract, Concepts
			PersonalErp - Concepts and incidents - including mindset and behaviorset for growth.
				Communication - Science of communication.
			HomeErp - Concepts and incidents about any product at home including gadgets like watch.
			SocialErp - Concepts and incidents about any service in society including govt and private offerings.
		Anecdotes - Abstract, experiences (focus is pattern recognition)
			Networking - Discussions, Jokes, etc.
			Story - Fun incidents of life. Hierarchically arranged but every story focus on specific emotion targetted.
			Movie - Any observation from TV Series, Movie, sports, etc.
	IQ - Concepts pertaining to Varna - science of Achievements and also ideas of achievement
		Arch - Ideas for architecture.
		Manager - Ideas for good management
		CS - CS Life.
		IDEA - New ideas.
		(Company), (Project) - like SAP, BYD, etc.
	Health - Abstract
		Scrum - plans, Tracking
		Sume - measuring and achievements.
			Amusement - hobbies and games and challenges of present and past - Specific fun related stuff.
		PIES - Higher level life thinking.
		SQ - Anything to do with Spirituality
			SQData - Obsolete - should come under anecdotes only.
FND - Scrum - 
	Story by chunk of time blocks in life like NITJSR, IIITB, Pune time, etc; 
	Story by topics like HIMYM, driving, electronic gadgets, etc; 
	Story by emotions - when were you last angry; 
	Active Stories (also logs) - Tell me something about ASR stay.
FND - Scrum - PersonaErp - ABCD - Attitude, Behavior, Communication, Direction.
FND - Scrum - IQ - Assign every bug to a team - your interaction with EC that doesn't work - use JIRA to figure out who built the EC and put it to them (at least to start with).
	assignee is too specific for us to know and ask for fix from.
FND - Scrum - Traditional 9  5. The classic work schedule that many companies default to for their full-time employees. These work hours can be ideal for employees in their late teens to mid-20s, who tend to go to bed and wake up later
FND - Story telling - trace of your driving thru years. Trace of career day today upheavals - people's gaming - display of power, nature of ppl, who's who in career like with relatives and their nature.
FND - PIES
	MOG - stability, MOP - Fun, enjoyment, No concern MOI positive
	Ashram - Social consumer / client. Varna - Social server, 
	Mind control - most important is willingness
		after willingness comes, method - practice (intellect, screen, streaks) + renunciation (ecosystem of prayaschit), no access, or planned joy, time bound joy.
	9 stages of bhakti - faster for lower layers.
		eg - health , VA, DS.
		so avoid contemplation and create barriers for avoiding getting stuck in lower layers.
		sanga - equals (for sharing Peer to peer) and sr for client server and moments of truth
			Problem solving, jnana, architecture.
	Social consumer - tech, engg (smart), architecture (event org),
	growth in NFP - exercise, sp, 4 regs, tolerate, food habits not hot, no caffeine
	consistency + freq streak is best combination
	social consumer = awareness + experiences + std fun => mental stability.
	KJDB - Perfection is streak, makes sense, louder inside, love.
		shravan, Manan, Nidhidhyasan, Sakshatkar; 9 stages to love, dhyan stages.
	let fruit ripen on its own with time - don't have to force it
		be patient with yourself.
	competition is fun - Prayojan stability (MOG), but do it sportily.
	consistency + streak. boredom = udasi <= No purpose.
	Mind control != say no to mind.
		ut manage desires properly - you standardize their place.
	better do a few things perfectly.
		need mate > since nfp.
	soul - anand mayobhasat
		ego being <= values and beliefs.
			intellect - achieve <= determine and discriminate. Discipline.
				Mind - Want <= Feel (quench) + Think
					senses - Focus on SO or body.
		Pleasure in end result and in process (utils, help, Model (MVC)
		Maybe VA doesn't map to intel mind but involves all layers but
			address the pleasures at that layer the most and SVA also form layers for stability
FND - PIES
	Functional
	Benchmarking
	Security
	Protocol
	Leader Instance
	Recruitment basis
		Best Bets 
		Desire (Passion) + Deserve (Best)
		Recruitment based on compete to get there but stability to him for best outcome and demanding also but not fearsome.
	In life - Best Effort Protocol - Least Effort Protocol (CS Lover)
		choose the ones which make it easy for us.
	Specific - Peechhe pad jaao - scrum (nth else exists) - that's a lifestyle I want.
	Proof of ego is Confidence that others have developed in you - Strong Confidence I have (people get attracted to that not pride)
		Desire - I ain't stopping until I get to for which I started (Grit)
		Ego - CS Techie for now.
			Different from intellect layer - kiya (intellect) vs ho gaye (ho gaye)
	Spiritual Layer - Love, Intellectual Layer Need - Growth, Mental Layer Need - Feelings emotions.
		we bet on ppl as allies and friends.
	"I like time with myself" I exclaimed and then wondered - it's actually that I want to spend time with Guru mukha padma vakya.
	grow thru shit - don't choose shit - life is designed s.t e1 faces shit in pursuits but grow thru them is what's important to us.
	Oneness we target in degree of relationship - based on degree of exchanges not imagination.
		there is a gamble of "helping a friend in need"
	Love experience grows with pursuit - cuz we get reciprocation to some degree (of course, then comes question of best bet)
		be it CS, friends, allies, etc
		God is always reciprocating but not visible in MMN. Clarity is missing.
		Putting effort but too much like brahmana offering LCM but eaten by sachisuta - too much effort is to be avoided - taken as God's plan.
		Problem is not anarthas - they are only the expressions - issue is Bhoga Vritti - actually even BV isn't - it's Spiritual pursuit is impeded by BV (MOP)
	Do Retro of pain points at stipulated time (sprint end) - not anytime.
	Spirituality - Life Philosophy also in the same category - strongly related - so Sandeep Maheshwari, Robin Sharma are important in my life.
	Extrema of BJDK in all pursuits is what I target.
	EQ - Social Awareness, Friends, Fun/Arts.
	Mature - Like PM - many ppls give different actions influencing your emotions but consider them all but decide.
	Reaction shows what you are (nothing wrong with any reactive behavior but it's dangerous - it can be naturally good for one with vritti well set)
		Response - is what u wanna be (well thought - cuz it's intellectual - so it's always preferable - it's buddhi yoga like)
		Immature is being feel driven.
	Biz mindset I look for - smart, creative, jugadu person is always best bet.
		decide on what matters more for you - many small problems a person may have but those will be ignored by you.
	you are what you desire to be - why so many people are poor in world or India - poverty mindset or thinking that they don't deserve or won't pay the price.
		being dissuaded by small things in life.
	I am not affected by praise - it just reveals to me about you (what you look for, I am in no confusion about myself) - how good an allie you are.
		I am not affected by criticism also - very comfortable in my skin - again reveals about you - nose is bent => that's what you care or notice and not higher layer.
		we waste time on trivial things - size of nose, what's for breakfast and shit.
	Challenge yourself - no f#k to ppl
FND - Health - Amusement - Cards
	10. Crazy Eights	
		match the color or equal size.
		8 is wild card on top of others and next of any color or rank.
		no pass allowed. pick a cards until you have a match up to 3 picks.
		#face value, face card.
	9. Spades - contract vs actual - reward and penalty.
		spades are highest rank and beat other suits.
		penalty of number of bids in a contract.
	8. President - bhabhi in India
		Lose your cards first to be president. next one is vice president.
		beat the previous rank.
		matched then skipped.
		2 3's beat a single queen. Higher pair to beat that or triple any to beat a double.
		2 clears the pile and gets to start a new pile.
		can't match the card or clear then must pass.
		reach 11 points P being 2 and VP being 1.
		Last one left with card is A-hole and must give president a card in next round.
		4 of a kind anytime to clear the pile even outta turn.
	7. Bridge - trick.
		bid for #wins - penalty if lesser and reward if more. All cards are graded.
	6. Hearts
		4 equal distributions. The trick. highest ranking - least counts. heart broken.
		shooting the moon. All hearts and 1 queen.
		the one with maximum hearts wins.
	5. Cribbage
		run track of 121.
		look at your hand and remove 2 cards piled to crib.
		starter card - points at end of play.
		can't exceed 31 - last player gets points.
		pegging play, counting hand, counting crib.
			15/31, pair, run, go, last card.
			counting hand - 15, run, pairs, flush (same suit), nobs.
			crib counting - same as hand counting with cribbed cards.
	4. Gin Rummy - run, set. knock. gin. undercut.
		my goal and keep updating your config thru accept and reject on what shows up with equivalent exchange. Psychology of equivalent exchanges with your end goal well known.
	3. Solitaire - Play area. Desirable streaks. Homework phase to organize and new insights (cards disclosures). Opportunity fitting in to organized play area. Play area to desirable area smartly.
	2. Blackjack (21) - 2*3+1 stay/hit +1 show cards - stakes of bets, risk of trying. bust > 21.
	1. Poker - fold, check, raise; 10 final configs target - full house, etc.; flop, turn, river. Business mind - think talents and compare with others. and acquired and bets on it vs others.
	Honorable Mentions:
	Go Fish - laid down.
		if run outta cards then pick 5 from middle deck.
		go fish - I don't have cards pick a card from middle.
	Cheat (Bullshit or bluff) - 
		k claim cards by i
			i+1 can Next or question?
				question - all cards to i. Wrong? all cards to i+1.
				Next - repeat claim of same cards face as i.
		Getting away with claims is the means. not exactly befooling next one.
		All allowed to late cards until 7 takes a stand and questions to expose someone with high stakes of loss for himself and the other.
		strategy - how much claims ur side OR when to question or accept - 1+1+2 < 1+3. if you have 3 cards. Pass means good trust and unwillingness for risk.
			pattern recognition on game playing style of people.
			greedy approach of bluff in the beginning with low stakes and being truthful later. OR lose many cards in first and joker losing later or 1 card.
			Especially truthful in the last part of the game. That will let you lose cards with truth and no1 can question without losing themselves.
			soft truths or soft lies in beginning - 1 card while you have 3 but then you may not come to next iteration if questioned in middle.
		Mind game - politics. E1 keeps making claims until someone questions with high stakes of loss. 7 loses but you don't gain but that sets tone for truth.
	Pinochle - Bid, Meld, Take. Playing phase.
		cards of same suit. Higher suit wins and then greatest combinations greater is the score.
	Old Maid
	Canasta
	Others - whist. Sergeant Major, Egyptian Rat Screw. Euchre, snap.
	Sweep or Seep or Sheep - Making bundles of same total. Seep - when the floor is cleared.
FND - Health - Amusement - Tambola.
	winning configs or patterns. ur matrix - empty means already filled.
	solution - identify ur needed winning combinations and create a pattern as OR-AND gates (xyz + wxy)while numbers are announced.
		Write it as excel winning combinations on columns and all numbers in the rows. When a combination or totality turns true then highlight the column and the overall result.
		so when runtime numbers are announced, mark all the columns for the row as true - even that can be automated thru enter the number or streak of numbers to be read or enter and wipe in a cell.
FND - Health - Amusement - Sudoku.
	Grid or sudoku puzzle, block or box, square or cell.
	eraser, pencil. Box, column, row, start outta easiest box. Logic of elimination. Go box by box and elimination. Cross hatching, number elimination.
FND - Health - Amusement - Puzzles
	Bag of coins tell heavy weight among 11 in 1 digital reading.
		Variant analog weighing machine - then divide and conquer with smartness.
		Hint: linear equation use different coefficients the offset reveals something.
	Prisoners and hats - a queue and ability to see hats red/blue of all in front. Tell your hat color from last and you live 
		Bad attempts - 
			if 50-50 hats then compute odd or even. 
			linked list - tell the one in front but then all die cuz they know answer but can't tell it to help the one in front.
		Hint: Parity: use red blue to indicate 0/1 parity of odd or even of specific color.
	Blind Games - 
		40 heads/10 tails coins in a room - you can flip, you need to divide into 2 groups such that each group should have same number of tails or heads.
			Solution - 2 groups - group 1: x tails and 10-x heads; group 2: 10-x tails and 40-(10-x) heads (or 30-x heads) - flipping coins of group 1: makes 10-x tails and x heads.
		Hint: Algebra.
	Sand Timers - Make 9 minutes from 2 sand timers of 4 and 7 minutes in any sequential or parallel manner. Many variants possible.
		Bad attempt - Sequence means addition 11 mins, Parallel means subtraction - 3 mins. 3*3 = 9 OR 3 can be coupled with 4 in sequence or parallel (heuristics).
		Solution - 7(4)/4(4): 4, 7(7)/4(3): 3, 7(1)/4(4): 1, 7'(1)/4(X): 1. 4+4+(8-7).
		Hint: Trick you can always invert direction for N-n. And heuristics over all transitions possible.
	Bus seats - numbered seats, numbered ppl - sit at your place or choose randomly if not available if 1st messes up, probability of 100th getting his seat 
		Solution - 1/2 but I don't like the logic that his place is either empty or filled cuz you are ignoring that that itself may have a probability of happening and not equally likely unbiased events.
		Observations - streak goes till the random number chosen and after that there's jump for another number. So problem keeps on shifting till r1, r2 but r1, r2, etc can be 100 or 1.
FND - Health - Amusement - Types of Games - Net Games, Goal Post Games, Cricket / Baseball, Indoor games, maaram pitti, 
FND - Health - Amusement - SocialErp - Adventure sports - 
	Mango Mist - ring bell after rope climb and then free fall, zorbing, Zip Lining, rope walk, fatta walk hanging on rope.
	Fish massage, massage on body, simulation experiences (jhula, dragons on train, scary show on train - Malls at Bangalore
	Trekking at Hampi
	Rock Climbing at Gulmarg; rope knot making n ways, 
		ropeway - aerial tram, sky tram
		mountain climbing, etc.
	swimming pool and a rain dance bangalore, 
	Vada - Football in swimming pool in vada farm, awards for the farm, dogs, cows, etc.
	Wonderla - Names need to be standardized and abstracted.
		Land - Adventures of Chikku, Cine Magic, 
		water - drop loop, lazy river, boomerang, harakiri water entered inside, rain disco, wave pool, play pool rain in pool, korneto (glide into vertical loop, kraits water entered inside me, boomerang gliding on fisal patti with water.
		Thrilling - Roller Coaster - RECOIL, flash tower (sit and go to sky), equinox (pendulum and revolution), Insanity (rotate, revolve like clock in air), very high merry go round - about 1 km above, fast revolution in air, 
		Scary house near it - I said no and was first to enter - they said yes and were last. Was going to bread their falling diaromas.
	Infy - Musical Fountain and Laser Show
	Suncity - Pirate Ship, Jumping frog, horse ride, sindbad jahazi, mini express, etc. Merrygoround - even in mela.
	SAP - Cricket, Basketball, volleyball, badminton with Mayank and local outbound camp, golf, foosball, footsall in first local outbound and also in campus, pool, carrom, ?chess.
	Siemens - TT. IIITB - badminton, TT, Gym, running, pole stunts revival from childhood
	ASR - pole stunts, inside to outside without touching ground, terrace jumping in ASR, cliff standing, maximal jumping and climb challenges floor to terrace using climbs and jumps alone.
	Udhampur - tiger hill in udhampur, cliff jumping and rod climing in udhampur, 1 minute run to home. staircase jumping, skates. Basketball, badminton, TT, cricket, football.
	Pune long walks - JBS yatra, walk to temple, etc; NIT JSR - long cycling from station to room.
	backlog - scuba diving, sky diving, banjee jumping, rafting, kaykaying, car collisions sport.
FND - Health - You gotta be healthy man - There are topics in the day that excite or agitate like discussions on car, on offer, on life events but gotta keep your cool and keep working with focus on subject of consciousness or concentration.
FND - Health - Now that I am doing all things and purpose is health - I want abstractions of different levels - abstraction of buying, abstraction of car buying process (variation over standard buying)
FND - Health - Ability to handle racing of VA across focus topics. Within focus topic with perfection is one aspect - ability to switch and manage across focus topics is another.
FND - Health - PMO solution
	Lamentation Phase
		Pashcattap - Long term voluntary punishment to deny the grat of the layer.
			eg - pull the plug of the platform that enabled it, or mock drill it again, etc. Eg - No Internet for a week. Why week? relive the same situation.
		Jnanarjan - Relevant knowledge cultivation for why + and why not -.
		Prayashcit - Deliberate or self study on what happened, why happened, what needs a change, etc.
		Higher Taste - Make active plan for higher layer grats and aggressively pursue them.
			Underusing a specific moment (in a streak of many moments) >> Misusing the specific moment.
			Don't fear 1 bad moment in a day but desire n-1 good moments in the day.
			grats of all the higher layers should increase as per the plan.
	Hankering Phase
		Immediate Pinch - Identify the problem and do something about it. Say intentional PMO, then drain all internet for the day. Needs training so mock drills.
		Instant Jnan - Stories relevant to the context. Keep some ready at beck and call.
		Instant Attention - Find the root cause of the desire. Address the cause of problem and face it head on.
		Instant Higher Taste - go for run, take a walk, listen to poetry, diversion of mind, etc.
	During Phase - in ziddi phase
		Karma - Learn some trends or pattern recognition there. Talk to yourself.
		Jnana - dive into psychology, etc related topics. Turn to some discussion forums on the topic, QA forums, OR strike a conversation with a friend, etc.
			Find how the whole model works
		Dhyan - Revise all concepts learnt like science, psychology, arts, civics, etc.
		Bhakti - Krishna is taste of wine, Krishna is spark of spendor of anything attractive within this world. Even if it may seem perverted still it is good for health.
FND - Health or PQ - NFP Trends
	locality of reference problem. eating remnant from not role models, late sleep
	too much entertainment, no spiritual depth lately, availability pressure objects out of sight, out of mind.
	Yukta - on PIES.
	Health on axes of Conditional Resources (Senses, mind, etc) vs grats (you seek, get, aspire, TME spent on) should be exponential curve. e^x or e^(x^1/n)
	Food is for health but first health and then taste - so choose healthy components and then decide how we can have some tasty combinations from that healthy stuff.
		can't ignore your current condition to get to where you want - eg if you have sore throat - you won't get healthy lifestyle by just by eating more spicy and unfavorable items.
FND - Health - is when you don't fear anymore.
	lights. Take friends or driver online.
	Trust for brand. Sunday in morning I will take.
	Always take a friend with you so that when you don't remember something, the friend reminds you. And seller is also cautious at dealing with 2 people.
	Petrol 200 Rs worth.
FND - Health = Powers at any given time (I can revoke, CRUD of everything that exists)
	ability to do interspacing without being bogged down - parallel processing, on demand eliciting a service
		Eg - while build is happening I can perform HDFC address change print commands.
	Combinations and permutations.
	Not taking any initiative or being in apathy may be very convenient but offers no growth - growth belongs to those who try and choose this anxiety.
	Standardizations of eth.
FND - Health = Architect
	Architect you become by many eg for protocols and even types of protocols - when to use what, etc. Enriched by experience, others experience => discussions, books, stories, etc.
	MOP or infaturated ppl - are good at paying price and would explore options even without need - tend to be good architects
	But infatuation ppl are not always blanced like MOG - in width and depth - but MOP on need will adapt very quickly to make a tailor git cuz of habit of adapting.
	MOP should be high but guided by MOG style - best combination so love ur craft but not mindlessly - see its economic value.
	But then seers of economic value outta work is sign of MOP right? Story is MOG (love for craft). Fruit is MOP (reward)
		But needful is MOG and wantful is MOP. So, love for craft without focus on fruits (not needful) - is it MOG? it's not - why would you reinvent wheel - OS made again!? There is no need for it - so {need, want} X {craft love, reward love} - just different stratification in the combinations.
FND - Health = Protocol + facilities (or powers with you CRUD of eth) + Deviations tolerance + ability to handle deviations (in ppl + situ + constraints (at design time, at run time)) + reasonable trust (enforced)
FND - Health
	Did morning program (lecture, little chanting), went to agency by ola share, booked driver thru driverU and it was dependable in 2nd go. Made payment, documents made and waited for driver who took me home also got first time offer of 100 Rs discount.
	Ensured that I checked the lights, tyre tubeless, spare wheel had jack, how to fold seats, petrol lid, etc so eth my family members told me did that - wind shields I forgot but checked later - he assured that with agency you don't have to worry.
FND - Health - didn't check RC, lights. 20K should have been obstinate to give on the day (cuz unjustified) - you know the process that they are gonna do and by paying 20K - on legal stage you can't revoke the transaction later on verbal stage if held sacred, then it's ok. Healthy way of doing things is when you have capability of CRUD on any entity involved in the transaction and replace it with another entity instance.
	In agency, they are mechanics, security guarantee givers, refurbishments reqd, RC load takers, warranty, etc - you can carry out these things yourself or 3rd party and have a better deal.
FND - Health - Fear of reactions of actions - overcome it.
	I fear price of wrong acting but what about price of not acting. Wrong gives learning to get better health but not acting gives you nothing - only stagnation.
	Only missing link in being truthful to all - along and speaking it in time - just dare and courage to take a firm stand.
	fear of something not going your way (sb would say yes when you want them to say no) - attitude of vyakti and not samashti. Being welcoming to ppl in your ashram in spite of reactions or being unconditional care taker.
	Satyamev Jayate - pay the price for it.
FND - Health - VA should consume me (besides spirituality) - MOP level - not on taxonomy of being (senses, mind, etc) - practically MOI to MOG happens thru MOP.
	every moment should be Dhyan on sth - preferably lose yourself to others (if not Krishna)
	Stability - Create channels of grats at all layers - the curve along layers of being should be exponential.
	Dhyan yukta life - fear of losing on some "story" - no u won't if you do or act - it'll ping for attention in next sprint so gotta address the problem.
	Standardizing number of rounds is ego. Moment by moment choice of listening is intellect pursuing the dhyan by the mind.
FND - Health - We need channels of grats at all layers - channels meaning constant flow of grats, in other words, standardized amount of quota of grats.
	VA are microrealms. We need mental grats in there, also intellectual grats there and even ego, senses, etc.
	In ashram for eg - mental grats would mean movies, songs (customer of god); intellectual grats would mean learnings, engagements for achievements, etc (social server).
	Likewise, Varna, mental would be Well Winnow and intellectual would be CSLife or other way round. Same goes with spirituality.
	Too much of layer or too little - not great!
FND - Health - no matter what I will be ok and things will be managed. Even pure random has very low failure rate - but we can do better than random.
	Toll of mind - not really cuz I'll do sth with my TME anyways - VA is good usecase for growth. Choice making and decision in constraints of TME is sth to cultivate habit for.
	What wrong with toll on mind - activity tryst is much better than inactivity anyday. We need to grow thru material realm not escaping material realm - so I believe in health.
	This stretch is what I should always try or aspire for and not zone of comfort or panic cuz evolution is from stretch and not laxity.
FND - Health Algo - enumerate and study features - make your NIC choices.
	Reduce the solution scope by filtering the possible universal solution scope which is cartesian product over all possible values for every feature.
	Next task is to maximize the value for money.
	Value determined in terms of NIC choices and money being constraint to minimize.
	Any random choice will work but that's foolish cuz missing features in online and being real or practical is important. Like Interview after written exam.
		so personally visiting the set of selected products and spending some time with it is important.
	Yes we talking skyline query or ML - ML problem but tailored with subjective experiences to maximize value per money.
	Practical constraints also reduce solution space. Like flat should be available from 1st April outside of online features.
	Solution space Union of all the individual  apps - app is also a broker in a sense or a tool for brokers.
FND - Health - Architect is not easily imporessed by some glamor of engg capabilities.
	eg - show of a great flat or some great hack or great implementation or great algo
	he takes many quotes - very keenly studies the mensuration of features of entity instance under consideration and all studying all the entity instances - gives a very mature response meeting all requirements and constraints - best fit for you.
	Architect never falls for the first good piece - or can fall if he already knows it all everywhere.
FND - Health - whether to change company or not while marriage phase going on - although very desirous it is not favorable to be forced to spend extra time while you are newly married so Krishna saved cuz while getting recruited I did not know the marriage status. It was good that I was recruited in all places but didn't get invitation.
FND - Health - NFP - kicks by this apparent innocent enemy - these are the worst that disguise as sweet friends.
	enum - Infy lethargy, College lethargy when high fever cuz of drinking shit, lethargy when body scratch sleeping on floor, body beating cuz upset, set apart from voice for 2 years (not by choice but inability), Bad eg in front of seniors in voice, all thievery of doing it in secluded room for no1 to find, misuse of kpn dhoti kurta, offensively thinking about RK, being a victim mentality, fear life of protecting oneself at expense of someone (dog chasing the car), wandering around college cuz couldn't control the herculean force, waiting for class to get over to have more, exams not preparing but wasting, JEE and medical preparations escaping the pain in living room, walking to fro in Udhampur fantasising ideal motivational life based on a text.
FND - Muhavra - Nau nakad na terah udhaar.
FND - PersonalErp - experience in life matters - money ain't carried to next. Even decisions that I regret means that I valued relp - that proof.
FND - PersonalErp - Leader is the fastest person, guide, quality assurer, best idea giver, etc. A lie or hidden truth can find its ways of getting detected eg Nangal so gotta live from heart. What do u think is better approach.
FND - PersonalErp - Given the premise that a person is very simple, you ask a covert question and expect a covert response, then you are a fool, not the simple person.
FND - PersonalErp - gotta do what we gotta do - go meet Chandigarh after Ropar hearing - boring without it - such a charm it brought. Yes driver won't like it at agreed rate so tell him that we will pay more - no matter what, it's worth it to customize a service. Talk to police like bold man, if fearful that's sign that domination is welcomed. Parchi for gamcha instead of mask - convince else then do it fast, we don't have so much time. He let go outta fear. He has Valmiki backing.
FND - PersonalErp - It is aka Personal Effectiveness but it's so called cuz
	CRM (Charisma), SRM (tips on attitude and behaviors with good market), SCM Logistics (Personally organized and clean - externally and internally), SCM Production (Hobbies and Personal Plans - HCM Projects), HCM (Me Time Enjoyments), FIN (My Financial Plan).
FND - PersonalErp - Driving
	Road Controls
		Accommodate otheres. Road signs and markings. traffic signals - red amber green. Road rules.
		Road signs - no entry, one way, trucks prohibited. Compulsory bus stop, horn prohibited. No parking. Speed limit. No stopping, width limit, load limit, restrictions end sign.
			compulsory turn (blue bg and turn), stop (red hexagon), give way (upside down concentric red triangle), right reverse band (zigzag turn), narrow bridge.
			T-intersection, roundabouts, major road ahead, dangerous dip, hump or rough road, railway crossing, 
			advanced direction sign, flood gauge, park both side, re-assurance sign on distance, destination sign, place identification sign, direction sign.
		Road markings - 2 lane road overtaking allowed, discouraged, prohibited, 6 lane road.
			stop line, give way line, border or edge line, no parking line, yellow box junction, zebra crossoing for pedestrians.
	Documents - RC, DL, PC, Insurance.
		Learner - L on car. Permament DL holder in car. Address proof (ration, voter, bills) and age proof (10th, birth certificate, passport, school leaving, etc) and photos.
	Emergency - first aid, car tools for emergency.
	Pre-driving checks - wheel, fluid level (windshield washer, coolant, engine oil, etc.), ABC checks (no bottle), no loose article in driving space, seat and mirror adjustments.
		steering column, seat belt, all docs, fuel level, toilet, water, etc.
		emergency stop.
	Hand signals - stop, turn, slow, overtake, lane driving.
		MSM Routine for turn. PSL technique - mirror and should to cover blind spot, turn maintaining a lane.
	Maneuver
		reversing - steering more sensitive - low radius. use all 3 mirrors and head turn and back to mirrors and head turn. Better take help. Mirrors + shoulders.
		left turn - look to left and allow if left overtake then right conflict, stick to left lane.
		right turn - right mirror and shoulder. signal and halt. right to pass. 
		U turn - slowly.
		roundabouts - right of way to vehicles on right. choose a lane as per left, straight, right or u-turn (go innermost from former to latter). maintain speed, and exit.
		Overtaking - potentially dangerous maneuver if not done properly. Only if clear road. Let compulsive overtakers have their way. avoid in bad weather.
			if refused by vehicle ahead respect that they have more view of road. abort overtaking if vehicle ahead accelerates.
		uphill drive - parking brake and 1st gear biting point with accelerator high release parking brake.
		railway crossing - safe distance also not allowed.
		Road rage - over parking or overtaking - allow them pass (don't argue or teach them lesson), wave hand to express sorry for inconvenience and try to move off from side,
			avoid eye contact when aggressor persists and try moving to area with policemen, if very aggressive then look for a nearest police station for help.
	Speed - weather and lighting, speed as per concentration, anticipation, experience and road condition.
		stopping distance depends on speed - 100 to 0 takes 72 metres roughly or 20 car lengths. Following distance 2-sec rule.
	Parking - prefer parking, avoid no parking, not near u-turns, if must then direction of traffic not obstructing the flow (stream), handbrake, uphill then also right turn, hazard lamp in dark, not in heap of dry leaves cuz fire in heat, parked with ac on then battery gone like once happened.
		parallel parking, angular parking, perpendicular parking.
	Other road users - ...
	Safe Driving in dangerous conditions - ...
	Accident, fuel saving, etc - ...
FND - PersonalErp - we want a fear that helps more mature plan making and not the fear that stops action. Poorly executed action is better than no action.
FND - PersonalErp - personal effectiveness is all about being mba (captured well by charisma on command). GD, presentation, brainstorming, jam, debate, impromptu, negotiate, impress sb, etc.
FND - PersonalErp - drive - dig hit, ppl cross roads on nh at night - dangerous cuz no street lights so can't see so drive slowly. Belt issue.
FND - PersonalErp - When you have seen the worst (5 lakhs liability for marriage - thanks for minimizing the liability otherwise), you have reason to lose all the fears cuz now you can venture on adventures cuz nth can be worse that than that. It's an incentive to play fearless with full enthusiasm. Now go on doing purchases with cultivated cautions - any loss will be nothing in comparison to what's witnessed.
FND - PersonalErp - Getting Things Done
	Getting things done
		Capture - collect
		Collect process what it means
		organize - put it where it belongs
		reflect - review frequently
		engage - do what needs to be done.
	Supplies, material - eth else sth to do sth about - open loop - mind sweep - removing that has your attention. Write it down. Leave in head is leakiest place. Like pen paper. voicemail, whiteboard.
	Clarifying - mom, credit line - what do they mean and what to do.
	stuff in basket - actionable - yes or no - maybe is no - if no? trash, incubate (Hold for while b4 decision), reference material. If yes? what's the very next action - granular action for project - setting meeting is not an action. Project is outcome with > 1 actions. Project plan.
		Action < 2 mins - yes do it but not whole day. No - delegate it. defer it like ppt making.
		Do delegate and defer.
	organizing - where things should go - defer
		calendar list, next actions list - 1 list huge so context so office list, phone list, computer, errands, etc. Project list like mom birthday etc.
	reflecting on the tasks - review frequently - 
		weekly review. Reflect on projects. look forward and backward. Schedule.
		Latest and loudest grabbing attention isn't always the best thing to do.
		Engagement - clear psyche to make judgments.
FND - PersonalErp - situation elicit emotional resilience and mental robustness so SQ is important.
FND - PersonalErp - bhola vs chalak :: Naive vs pro in human psychology.
	Karma vs agnostic - subscribe to karma but keep agnositism as default.
FND - PersonalErp - ABCDE (Attitude, behavior also persoality, Communication and concerns, Devotion, Experiences fun - focus for resume).
FND - PersonalErp - driving skill - interest in hobbies and concerns like car parking - using networking.
FND - PersonalErp - Eb tries their best so no perfection but pursuit brings best outta e1.
FND - PersonalErp - Joking standup - Premise, POV (points of view), genre like inanimate objects feelings. Punchline.
FND - PersonalErp - Driving 
	Trying to overtake and blocking others especially those coming from opposite side. Solution - first look and confirm that they are far from the clear way and they with horn overtake and take your regular position - the gap should be significant and should not be a challenge.
	When cow comes in front, give horn or wait or manuever with confidence but not in a rush - the pressure of crowd - no pressure, see, it's a legitimate problem we have to overcome.
	IntelliJ dependency analyzer can do the job of dependency tree. External libraries don't show up if some error - go to project structure and libraries - check the error
		invalid classes root - this solved thru invalidate cache and restart. OR maven reimport. Or remove and add the dependency.
	Build on master failing - it is less probable because it is same as Commit and we make sure jenkins pipeline runs fine before PR merge is triggered. So, Jenkins foundations02 pipeline trigger and compare to that - it works - now take a fresh pull on your system same as master and try on that - no change at all. Add your changes on top of that.
FND - PersonalErp - Psychologist Session
	Focus on ur identity (what you stand for) and how this incident is just a supporting narrative for your identity or its growth.
		what you did corroborated with your identity and how this incident helps you evolve.
		I tried to restore the marriage, but still the marriage fell apart for xyz reasons. 
		the task is to bring back the faith in yourself.
FND - PIES - Alone I can reach my happiness at all layers but with relp, allies and networking, I can increase my happiness at respective layers and minimize my challenges in grats - with sap partnership, I can increase my intellectual grats and also ego grats and with helping ppl, small challenges are overcome to a staggering returns. Similar is the case with marriage, friendship, family and what not.
FND - PIES - 
	SocialPlatform - Knowledge of all services and products and where they are at and when to use them knowledge.
		More of REST APIs to be consumed. This is study is knowing which APIs are available and in HomeErp you will write algorithm to consume REST API of social at right time with some discrimination to enrich your home experience.
	HomeErp - Abstract knowledge is how homes work; Concrete knowledge is this home (ASR, BLR, SAP) and dhyan is sevas.
	PersonalEffectiveness - FBD of person abstract knowledge is psychology, concrete knowledge is that person's nature standardization, dhyan is how to be effective in different situations.
	Graph of conversations - Ability to organize an event or party. Arch Client or server - single handedly organize event - ability to talk to set of 10 ppl for 30 mins - graph - few attract points on graph to start from a node (context we are in) - can go DFS and pull back when people give feedback of not going deeper and go back by any steps as per personal and others' choice. Every statement exposes so many edges to navigate to.
	Focus on services all layers of grats come automatically - like social awareness, then some problem solving when needed or otherwise gives intellectual taste and culmination opens way to ego. And rewards of such consumptions gives mental pleasures in experience and in results or stories - sensual is implied.
	Networking-wise - 
		external partners or allies we strike contracts with and explore our options - that's on social platform layer. 
		On Home layer, almost all the personal relationships (internal partners) like primary rasas show up.
		On Personal layer, you should have very good relationship with yourself - love and respect yourself.
FND - PIES - we can figure it out with intelligence or find it out (anumana vs shabda praman) - figuring is exciting but costlier than finding.
FND - PIES - AI so that reliance on ML is less. Plan things well so that you don't have to go thru huge penalty for gradient descent learning.
	REL We plan for good speech and then learn whatever little falls short.
FND - PIES - Relationship - Respect each other vs tolerate each other.
FND - PIES - Papa reminded about need to travel to Bangalore which should ideally have sprung in my head
	Gotta RC, Insurance, Pollution certificate, car cover, New Laptop, ICICI CC closure or debit card issue or password, etc.
FND - PIES - breaking 4 regs principles is natural in current age because of sachidanand soul. Evolution to perfection is the goal and the perfection is oneness. I did everything but still lapse why because first of all no pascattap, it's not enough though helps with subtle body so spirituality on priority - personal, impersonal, gods, aaroh, avaroh, atheism etc. Give it head on time if 1 hr ed - for AT. Also, need structured streaming of grats in all layers.
FND - PIES - it has to be learning with penalties and rewards cuz it is not intelligence based. Guest also grat streaming is the idea. Senses grats to start with but mind and intel based more so thru service streaming (can I make it any more convenient). Engaging talks for intel ideas. Even if not intel, having enough fear and desire opens the way to acting intel and learning thru mutual discussions. Eg - I never went on car to receive them so yes, never showed that usefulness - even if you do know it makes no dang difference cuz it's never showed usefulness.
FND - PIES - SVAF grat streaming is more about service streaming than consumer streaming - service at your best - that's all. Consumer streaming is just enough that you would rather have fun yourself but evolved state is offering grat streaming which even gives high standard consumption as well.
FND - PIES - For SVAF, Primary focus on transaction, and interspersed with transactional stories and master data discussion - added analytics and config. We can serve e1 at all times but enjoyment elicited from others is highly conditional.
FND - PIES - architect is supposed to know not just 1 way but all ways to make it work and can take a stand for the best way among them and can also grade them in order of preference with reasons - do whatever it takes to get there like visit places yourself that you wanna showcase your guests aka customers. Just like siot keeps doing devp with next customer interaction in focus.
FND - PIES - what follows is pies config. If 7 can make a successful story so can you. 
FND - PIES config - uxd - fast response time, turn around time, performance - least space and time complexity, greatest convenience - if ppl don't accept it - keep reminding pros and cons of what you proposed vs others. Keeping track of details - not approx but exactly and not maybe or need to check but I know and it is precisely this. Being a manager at social consumption or service. The penalty of lapse in ashram is also not small so let these small things be topics of discussion - eg - 1 wrong turn while driving can cost lives. So being accurate and precise is crucial. PIES config needs knowledge of not 1 way of doing it but all ways of doing it and you know the best as well. Functional completeness - after ordering puri chana we can get it cancelled. PIES config means no mistakes. Eventually ensure not even from others. Every mistake has reasons from urself or others - they shouldn't happen. Something like perfectionist but with apt tolerance. Solve a problem thru data manipulation - not as per plan then seek the plan and talk it out or else accept the second best consciously.
FND - PIES
	Techie - you are a function, no memory expected.
	Engr - you are an object - give services when asked for (in different chains).
	Arch - you are a service (software or business service like photo printing) or platform or framework (OR feature or capability - to be leveraged OR problem solver, given a situation) like a DB or GUI or socket programming
		see a problem out there and work out a solution.
	Sci - you are a theoretical completeness of a topic (what's possible) - the essence (or know the essence)
FND - PIES - All Hinduphobic movies and series can be leveraged to support a sanatan dharma narrative.
FND - PIES - all layers come with obligations and concerns - fulfilling them makes you an engr but being driven by interest and doing active plan making makes you an arch.
FND - PIES Uncat
	don't be stateless - memory - best ESMD.
	To be arch - keep all UMLs besides DMPM in your cache - both abstract and concrete. And ability to discuss it - pros and cons.
	energy blast channelled to a field. by Yukta of ESMD. Akna Thakna Jhakna automatic.
	DFD drill down to context flow in the end.
	Problem of exits that our energy finds - channeling them is 2nd thing - 1st is having them. Practice of channel is also important - thru association and practice.
	Fat - extra reserves of energy not getting channelled.
		Skinny - body not in need of the energy. Not enough work.
		Balance of energy is one concern - thorough engagement is another. So depth and width both are required.
FND - PIES - Fun is not in Abstract (it's more of preparation or foundational (config, standardization, health) stuffs).
	Scrum - Current phase was layer specific foundations - config and standardizations.
	Fun is in concrete jnana like KT or brainstorming - streaming to structuring in your head and seeing the application of abstract stuffs.
	Fun is also in concrete dhyan or karma - streamed actions or problem solving or doing transactions to a skyscraper building. Individual actions mastery is engg that's there - that's the master data - it's supposed to be already there.
FND - PIES - 
	there is a spiritual tier - with Meditation, Yoga, Study and introspection and Scrum.
		is also office and home for some people and social consumption for others.
	Office is space for Varna - it's not home at all - it's arena of social service - others are engaged like you are in your current job and e1 is a part of the social ecosystem.
		ideally social news, abstract social study and social awareness are all intended in this time only (perhaps including weekend).
	The CRM exits in social framework (B2C) create a space for ashram called as Home. Home is like resting space of social consumptions for going back to social service space.
		ideally study of all tools and services consumed or planning to consume - all projects get created in this space 
		you should be able to answer 5 active user stories of the month. Eg - gotta shift my luggage, gotta 
	There is also a need for personal space where your skills are cultivated, psychology is studied and applied for evolution, communication, affirmations, etc. aka Me Time.
FND - PIES - Convert people from Visitors -> Leads (Unqualified contact like 7 met at seminar) -> Prospects (Qualified and favorable contact) -> Partners (Customers or Allies)
FND - PIES - Personalize vs Process - always contact a person rather than asking process to work as expected.
FND - PIES - I want streak in everything I do. This is very rewarding way of doing things rather than routine - routine is important for bhakti so many days you just do justice with bare minimum but every once in a while is a time for streak.
FND - PIES - How to measure your growth - some metrics - old files - I had got many better and structured ideas later.
	Challenge yourself - Put yourself into a situation where you must demonstrate your advancement.
	PQ
		Games (once a week), NFP (every End of Month Test), Exercise Streak, Taekwondo.
		Body - mensurate parameters
		Mind - Problem Solver, cool headed.
		Intellect - Aggressive Achiever
	IQ
		Lines of Jnana, Problem Solving, Make PPTs, documentation for others; Make Presentations, Make Vids, Q & A.
	EQ
		Adventures, Explorations, Small Talk Explorations, 
		TV series, movies marathon with lessons at every layer (latest, bests, theme=wise)
			Sensual - dresses, figures, nice way of 7's  sth (speaking)
			Mental - I liked, I felt, characters' styles, dialogues, jokes
			Intellect - Plot, Characters psyche, poetic justice 
			Ego - Director's vision and movie response
			Soul - Philosophical insights (hypo case studies)
		Excellent Consumer - best car, best bike, etc.
	SQ - extrinsic growth in symptoms doesn't mean SQ growing! But vv!!
		Streak of Dhyan on sth
		Ceto Darpan Marjanam - Listen to Atheistic ideas (strong ones)
		Bhava maha dhavagni nirvapanam
			Adhyatmik - body exercise, dare do it right (mind when you won't like it)
			Adhibhautik - Make notes and response (where you went wrong, how would you rectify)
			Adhidaivik - karma
		Shreyah kairava chandrika vitaranam
			Check the dots of life and connect them (nth to do; only observe)
		Vidya Vadhu Jivanam
			Go for Book distribution (dare answer the toughest questions on quora) - Taking help from seniors is allowed but it must resonate with you.
		Anandambudhi vardhanam
			intense spiritual streak (fasting from entertainment say on ekadashi, etc)- 16 (closed eyes)
		Prati Padam Purnamritasvadanam
			Regularly do 1 thing that you are fearful of - like go for harinam sankirtan.
		Sarvatma Snapanam
			NFP streak
			sensitive to expressions of Anarthas - record your 
				Lust (Hankering for enjoyment)
					given?
						yes - greed (plans for increasing my enjoyment) - law of diminishing returns.
							compare?
								pride (i am enjoying so much)
								envy (7 enjoying more than me vs inspiration)
						no - anger (when enjoyment is being denied; I am getting to enjoy it to its fullest)
					Illusion (lamentation for enjoyment)
FND - PIES - Measure Ashram in - Shopping (SRM), cooking (foodie life, SCM Prod), entertainment (HCM), Decor or resourcefulness (SCM Logisitcs), Networking (CRM), Security (Foundation).
FND - PIES - NFP - Excitement vs Happiness - Stay high paying proper price vs short high trip with a hack.
	former comes with facing difficulties. The latter comes with escaping difficulting and hacking into high.
	SVAF is never meant to be easy - the easiest thing to be is stay an animal but even that is full of difficulties - survival of fittest.
	difficulties tap you to endorphins and that's also awesome but with goddamn price for happiness.
	If angry with Krishna, take shelter of social high (even that's not easy) - to get excitement is easiest but such fake trips don't take you anywhere.
	Not that I can but I do face difficulties every single goddamn time.
	Socializing pleasure isn't easy but if you lose yourself unto that without your personal ego channel still you will feel busted - so the exponential curve of healthy life is always important.
	Problems st show up in material transactions like "what the heck you did" - but the real problem exists in config "this vulnerability always existed, just that bad situ didn't show up". So, work on your anarthas cuz transactions can bring something undesirable, they may not but why keep a stool like problem with you.
	What if I don't want difficulties - then you should either settle with lower happiness which is against your constitutional position and so or otherwise, you will be forced to hack into cheap highs and stay on the lower strata - we do see the highs of different chakras but get to a higher layer, demands a goddamn price.
FND - PIES - first of all lapse should never happen and if it happens, it should never repeat 
	so, the idea is enter into things with proper intelligence or planning and if at all there is a lapse, you gotta learn from it immediately not experientially but conceptually so that it never repeats.
FND - PIES - I fear somebody will think I don't know something - lapse of jnana is better than lapse of bhakti - that's the first rule. 
	lapse of dhyan is better lapse of jnana. lapse of karma is better than lapse of dhyan - you struggled to achieve something but you what all you did. You tried that is ok but you don't know that this is not how it works! You don't know how it works is ok, but you don't even want is bothersome.
	scrum updates in all SVAF abstract and concrete - every day. Updates outta NIC+E - fear driven is still good but struggle is better word, desire driven for something interesting you did in an update, duty driven of what was supposed to be done. Love of how it was fun.
	Scrum circles - Varna C office, Varna A colleagues, Ashram A relevant friend circle, Concrete A family and friends, Spiritual Concrete - some temple connected to, Spirituality abstract - some sajatiya dev or counselor system, Foundational C - relevant groups like NFP, December Run, etc; Foundational A - family and friends (how is health) - as observed there's huge overlap between ashram and foundation so merging their scrum.
	SVAF growth is meant to be tough, if it was cake walk, eb could do it - it's not just personality (behavior) but also character (attitude) struggle or challenge. Without the price you don't get anything. So, forget hacks, anybody has become anything in life is actually worth respecting cuz it is paying a heavy price in cultivating behavior and attitude thru BJDK with persistence or tapasya.
FND - PIES - SocialErp is Varna realm's projection in Ashram and PersonalErp is Foundation's projection in Ashram - Ashram is primarily about HomeErp and Networks.
FND - PIES - Power lies with jiva, prakriti (ext and int); ishwar (narrative and law of attraction, karma justice - stateful).
	I gotta grow from vyakti to smashti. Social phase - serve but not exploited - evolution to happiness (sp realm as a side note)
	follow ur bliss - but challenges from jivs, prakriti, etc - goal is not to "not do sth" but "have passion to do something"
	9 stages of bhakti - all about growing happiness - lust like temperature (so needful) - stages all abt inc relp - nishtha - firm jaan lena not just maan lena.
		solid graduation like marriage - Taste cultivation like trip planning in ruci hase.
		Asakti - Oneness state - can't see separate; feel bad on hurt. Bhaav - emotions in love. Love (it's about you not even us (asakti))
		Social is excellent but risky cuz anarthas in ppl and not the best bet but an excellent platform. Scrum, helping, seeking, discussing, updating are imp to me in current phase.
	Personal Enoyment or me time like 1hr / week.
	Lapse that I should have been sleeping at that time.
	You become like your association.
FND - PIES - Joke vs serious - conformity vs spontaneity - liberitans vs conservatives - gotta balance.
FND - PIES
	corruption of all varnas. Ashrams corruption. 
	ola cabs without scaling is few 1000s of benefit ain't nothing
	Business Man - caught up with supply and demand taking advantage of.
	culture or civilization of hacks - including online courses and songs and so forth but don't deny those. Speak nothing of hacks extrema.
FND - PIES - At work place, initially ppl wanna behave like function but expected behavior is to be more like objects with member variables and supporting behaviors but primarily functions.
	proof of correctness, could it be done with better performance, or cleaner approach or more rugged approach.
FND - Scrum - Playtime amusement hour. DSausmi - DS - dude Singham.
FND - Scrum - Gotta spend time on networking separately.
FND - Scrum - 
	Need a buddy
	onboarding problem of cf command saying no authorization went away after I started using the cf command installed using installer file instead of using binary file
	!Product Overview yesterday
	started looking at scala.
	onboarding overview of product and development process and stuffs like that - from today, we start individual components like MDS and small tasks for them.
	Ashok ur inputs - KT for using Jmeter - who can give that. I will take it up - 2mro we start automation scripts. Gaps found? - start covering automation easy to learn use cases.
	After KT, Some unit test cases for code flow b4 dev items.
	Kunal for suharsh, Imran for jagriti, Let's make Abhijeet (Pavan earlier she said) for Saurabh.
	Since we have concluded - do we need 11 am meeting - no, from my side, no more questions.
		tenant should be onboarded on v2 then.
		even new tenant is v2 as of now - friday I changed it - is it deployed? You approved it and merged it. No request to redeploy it. V3 feature flag be off.
FND - Scrum - HomeErp Organized it.
FND - Scrum - Log4J, remote debugging, Spark, kafka, Lambda Java8 threads executorService.future, Performance KT, MDS technical overview, etc.
FND - Scrum - Architect client means completeness of realm viz SVAF 
	does that mean I work on everything every time but that's delusion.
	No, this means that I work as per proper scrum model as stated below.
	Epics are in every features of the use case like say ashram or say varna. I don't work on every epic in every sprint.
	There are some backlogs written for different releases as per deficiencies or fantasies experienced in the epics. Think Application areas in BYD.
	Those backlogs are quite big chunks of work to be taken all a once so break them down into stories for daily scrum evaluation. Think e-invoicing in SRM.
	Epic is sth customer can understand from an architect.
		Backlog is something that architect can explain to another architect. It has small bearing to customer if existing feature or big deal if new feature.
		Story is a unit of work that developer can work on at a time with end result contributing the backlog's bigger picture. Think UI creation for e-invoicing.
	Eg - spirituality 
		there are so many epics to potentially work on but we write down in resume to find out backlogs to work on in a release 
			or its portion in a sprint.
		Everyday doable task to get there would be a user story like listen this lecture.
	Eg - Ashram - what's the backlog to work on in this sprint as per my resume s.t it looks more complete and wholesome.
FND - Scrum / Sume - My life can be divided into phases till now.
	Kid (baby, toddler b4) - PIES introduced - world familiarized.
		Amritsar - Foods, Trips (Delhi, South India). Bus, Auto.
	Teens (Tweens) - PIES Cherrypicked Growth
		Udhampur (Sr Sec and High School or intermediate), Jamshedpur, VOICE, Lots of trips, Trains Travels, NPTEL, Infy.
	20s - PIES Wide and Deep Exploration
		Infy, ISKCON, IIITB/Siemens, SAP ByD, Flights.
		2011-2013m - SQ; 2013m-2015m - Health or foundation; 2015-2017 - IQ; 2017-2019 - EQ.
	30s - PIES Structured Streaming (Standardized, stabilized)
		SAP NSME, LIB, Driving.
		2019-2021 - Architect Client. 2021-2023 - Architect Server - horizontal (Planned). 2023-2025 - Leader - vertical included (Planned).
FND - Scrum updates should be excitement - it's sharing what you have achieved - it should be fun. And sharing what you are excited for work on next - aggression is expected to show up in your demeanour right.
FND - Scrum
	Agile Gantt - For big picture - track work-in-progress, status.
		visualize work of the team at portfolio level.
		Easily spot resource overload
	Scrum - Theme, Epic, Backlog, Story, subtasks.
FND - Scrum - 6 Morning Habits of high performers
	success < Personal development - success follows latter.
	S - Silence - peaceful purposeful silence for wisdom. Woo woo away from. Meditation to clear mind. 6 ideas for today. Tap into genius. Peace or set intention.
		Judge experience is not silence.
	A - Affirmations. Written statements to sth of value. Lying ain't that. Flowery language.
		I am vs goal committed to. And why? Activities committed to get there.
	V - Visualization - Athletes do it. Gone there in mind. Visualize the activity not just goal with a smile. As 3rd person or 1st person.
	E - Boost your energy with morning exercise - jumping jacks in 7 minutes - you can't be lazy. Apps are there.
	R - Reading Book - Read few pages each day - any problem we may have, there's a book for it. Even 10 pages means 10 books a year - you are a different person End of the year.
	S - Scribing (Writing) - Journaling. Grateful and Plan for today. So already amazing and better is coming.
	Misc - all challenges will help you to be where you have to be.
FND - Scrum
	Monitoring - Pavan to review after sonarQube generic exceptions are removed.
	DTE - Test stuck by BCP for Things service not deployed.
FND - Scrum - no arranged marriage I want cuz that was the lapse above eth else - unwillingness, tie b4 interest, etc. I being a liability for all the relatives especially former fiance in terms of burn it gave me - of course I have exceeded in efforits which I believe in very strongly but try your best to enumerate favors - to be asset in bursts of not in streams or essence - even that is also a stream of personal grat only maybe on ego layer or intellectual layer - make a list of your usefulness. Even giving a burn in return is a favor as net practice for the other person.
FND - Scrum - References from uri, etc. All historical famous events like Burma army fight. How jiju started watching history channel - always on your scrum board, literally always - there is nothing called show time. All times are showtime. Nat Geo, etc.
FND - Scrum - my previous phase was health only at all layers so architect client without standardization but only SVAF master exploration. PIES architecture makes it SVAF already. Client master is phase 1 then client config. Then transactional which makes it server then analytics. Config is also about fsm tracking.
FND - Scrum - Current phase is config. DMPM of everything social ERP, Home ERP, Personal ERP and when to use what - this standardization is expected.
	I really want to be an architect. Such an expertise that SVAF are not a concern for me anymore, all desires are fulfilled as a normal course.
	This architect has to be at IQ - stabilization - working at office is yet another thing - not a big deal. Exciting but not a big deal. It's already a problem solved.
	For this I must first focus the area I want to focus on going forward. And it's pretty much this big data development which includes AI and distributed computing and software development - smartness of IOT and Android are all add ons. This isn't mixing of fields - I am a user of systems not developer. I use AI libs and don't make them. I leverage distributed computing frameworks - don't make those. So I have to familiarize, listen to experts, read books and follow documentation pattern recognition (for scalability).
	This stabilization is also expected in EQ or Ashram. Being a very smart consumer. Generally the ashram tasks don't come with huge penalty very often but there's always a best way to do things fastest route to be taken - the bus took us 1 hr more (some situations could be demanding) - it doesn't hurt to make a wrong turn - but sometimes they do - eg take a u-turn penalty on NH.
FND - Scrum - DayNotes - gotta organize EQData, EQ, and small sections - Discussion, Polity. Health needs to be renamed.
FND - Scrum - I am currently at engr state where I am an object which gives services when asked for but doesn't take initiatives to offer services.
FND - Scrum - speak like an IAS.
FND - Scrum - Mornings for SQ and Day for Home or office (prefer concrete but abstract VA also included in cladding or padding); Evenings for entertainments and social life - amusements included here.
	On weekdays - SQ and Science in mornings; Concrete V in day time with breaks; Abstract V and NIC+E based A in evenings (news[paper], Amuse, choose, etc)
	Books take you more deep than listening to someone. Listening takes you more wide and attuned to that frequency.
FND - Scrum - Social layer - consumerism (exits in social frameworks), how businesses run. HomeErp - Home Concrete and MBA and Office KT. PersonalErp - ABCD psychology and IQ Study; also CS Life concretely.
FND - Scrum - Spiritual and Science courses in the morning. Home and office in the daytime and early evening time with breaks for concrete personal VA. Social News and study at least once a week. Abstract personal for both VA b4 sleeping.
FND - Scrum - If you are not aggressive with your projects, then be ready to become part of other's plans or projects (of course in exchange of rewards) in both VA. Home politics or office politics come later - first problem is you gotta be aggressive with your projects without imposition.
FND - Amusement - Country Land winning game. Maaram Pitti, Gilli Danda, Kache, Chungi, Kho kho, kabaddi (primary school victory), run away; Business Game seen but not played.
FND - Amusement - Sudoku - candidates for a box identified; take intersection of the unique ones for a given box, vertical or horizonal (here permutations is important cuz of next step); Keep updating or removing candidates from other cells once an answer is confirmed (this new cell selection means that some of already checked box elements may become unique for step 2)
FND - Amusement
	Chess
		Corner the person - force person to behave in ways that lead to checkmate and strategize in all other times.
		You can leverage a capability to attack an opponent - equal capability then no gain. Situation orchestration that your capabilities give a leverage and other's capabilities can't hurt you or respond to your attacks.
		So, the game of chess is all about strategy to get to those ends. Every move is intended with an end result attack in mind while saving your pieces.
		Given a state you already have some attacks possible and some defenses to make - every gitti in chess is to be seen as lines of attack it is capable of and rule out the possibilities - the greater the heuristics the better for game.
		You are Safe under attack if still have a backing attacker.
		victim runs to one of the safe spots - reducing the safe spots to 0 for the opponent is whole idea.
	Puzzle - not solved yet.
		12345678910 - k kills k+1, then k=k+2 repeats. all k+2i+1 gets killed by k+2i. where k = 1. 99 kills 100.
		13579 - k kills k+2, then k=k+4 repeats. all k+4i + 2 get killed by k+4i. 99 kills 1. 1 had already killed 3. 5 killed 7.
		k+8i+4 gets killed by k+8i. 99 kills 9.
		Fine otherwise but being cyclic, k changes.
		0001
		0101
		1001
FND - Scrum - Social - Clubs for everything I do - Hearing, Preaching and association; Company Project; Home and Friends Group; Foundational clubs online.
	find a company for everything you wanna do and keep updating your resume thru those sessions.
	This is not a replacement for personal SVAF but a complementary extensions which skyrocket your grats.
FND - Chess - line of attack - source of line of attach (Kill the source), don't cross their line or restrict their line thru another attacker.
	move with a backing, Chessmate = you must move but you can't move.
FND - NFP - average (median) time before orgasm was about 6 minutes, and ranged from a blissful 6 seconds to a marathon-paced 53 minutes. The majority of men lasted between 4 to 11 minutes, with anyone lasting longer than 21 minutes being considered an outlier.
	Ginger, honey. Ashwagandha (2 weeks enough to show effects). Yauvan. Milk and dairy. Green Veggies, Lady finger, peanut, avocado, multigrain.
	No smoke, alcohol, 
	Balanced diet  Avoid foods like chocolate, chillies and caffeinated beverages. Consume diet rich in zinc, selenium, calcium and iron for better control and strength.	
	sleep, stress, exercise, diet, hydrated. Kegels, weight.
	For the most part, yes, the components that make up semen are safe to ingest. Swallowed semen is digested in the same way as food. However, in very rare circumstances, some people might discover that they're allergic to semen. This is also known as human seminal plasma hypersensitivity (HSP)
FND - NFP - openshirt, tl with bottoms specifics like jeans, close ups, conceal, wedding veil.
FND - Scrum - Calendar blockings - when stuck then inputs from others - How would approachability work and transfers.
	some handholding for new colleagues - tailoring mode - dedicated 1 hr with buddies and 1 hr of development.
	reverse KT mode - where they come back of questions. This KT by new colleagues - not active members of meeting. Now question is how do I test it while debugging, etc.
	That I am ok with KT is one time effort but setting up system needs availability from devps.
	enabling them is the means - this investment is lacking from our side.
	2 meetings - reverse KT and trouble shooting.
	Action item - you book the reverse KT.
	API made to do primitive checks to help them forward the ticket to right time.
FND - Scrum - PC be my workspace and cloud for persistence.
FND - NFP - Country, mirror, gif, off, flash, jumping, bounce (motions), situation - in snow, running, in streets, etc.
	Page 3, body issue, celebrating, pure chocolate, stage dance, One tl one nd.
	Poses, Soft, Massage, Balcony, Suckle, bounce, 69, Shy, Hiding parts or self, With brace, Guitar.
	Wet, Sandals, watching self or others, Only nipple covered, pasties, Nip Slip, Covering pp, Close up view, With animal, holding.
	Dance, Portraits, Running, hitch hike, Torso, portrait, on floor, Challenge of innocent covered to tl to tts to nd thru suggestions.
    Eg - beautiful to tts, ff, beautiful face to mate, Oldest known, my first pic, Countdown, decade-wise, Jump.
	Nd distortion, only mask, hugging, flowers, mask, gift pack, Sword, Face mask, Foam, face covered, Double penetrated, Patting.
	You can feel impurity with just 1 of pnmo.
	I have witnessed the power of Nfp so don't read nasty literature who say useless things in biased envt.
FND - NFP - fruit cream, man covering, man carrying, back to back.
	Intimate touching, Sitting, Cross legged. TL in towel; implants bb, ideal bb, posing, different color backgrounds.
    School days - exposed under the blanket. Later also. In toilet. Office Mysore single in a room BA watching. Mirror watching. Pune corner sneak peak.
FND - NFP - 1 exposed, hair covering, ornaments only, world, front view, rear view, angel wings, 69, take off, flash, towel drop, best positions to try.
	Animal instincts movie.
	Blue is warmest color movie.
	Dream so called wife embrace and kiss.
	Mental Simulation of act (fantasies), mental replay of movies shots, imagining stories impelling action, sleep wake up with a fantastic story (deep rooted subconscious).
	Reading dirty stories.
FND - NFP - cupping, tossing, running, ramp walk, fondle, caress, etc.
	Stage group dance, part dance.
	Dressed and undressed.
	1 tl 1 bl.
	Shy, ribbon, pregnant.
	Twins.
	Covering.
	Pinterest, NSFW, oob, couple, bathtub, excited wild bold.
	Finger, stretch it, stretch physical.
	Jump.
FND - Scrum - every day should be divided into 4 phases - spiritual, social, personal and home (both abstract and concrete being part of it - so social news in the day only, abstract learning of V in padding of the day, etc).
	Entertainment is sometimes bad substitute of home.
FND - Communication - mutual exchanges on active projects and its related scrum updates, retro, planning, ideas
    projects come from habits, hobbies or skills (gardening, poetry, driving), nic+e basically
    any thread can get hairy like a tree or its roots b4 you wanna switch
    social and personal discussions are always possible - abstract discussions also.
	Syami's 1 approach - Trigger a discussion or reduce them to us vs them - start a brainstorming session with a need for final conclusions.
FND - NFP - lapse in spiritual 4 regs breaking should be followed by fallback to varna grats unofficial, ashram grats, health cultivation.
FND - Problem with early backout.
	Cert reqd a day back so what do you do about it.
	Will message it.
	At airport, will manage by then.
	Coordinate - this is an architect.
FND - B - postponement.
	Will do in 5 mins.
	Fear induce - I can do it but then child's gonna cry.
	Reason it.
	If you wanna learn it, play with it AMAP.
	Please send pics - I am busy - do it by 1 out boarding (give them time that it's important) so please.
	Even hotel gonna ask for covid FP report so in advance modify soft copies successful ones.
	Hard copies could not so opportunity in adversity.
	Otherwise we couldn't.
FND - Behavior - Creating Great First Impression (First impression, non-verbal, vocal, verbal)
    First Impression - Externals matter, confident and engaging is the key.
        Verbal, clothes, BD. Physics
        Thin slice Model - {engage, boring} X {anxious, confident}
    Nonverbal power - Story - Look confident (1st person big), Give attention (3rd person important), handshake (mutual-ness expressed)
        Look Confident
            Relate
                winning athletes poses - lotta space, chest lifting, claim territory.
                    vs roll and defeat poses - shrinking spce.
                self touch - less confident.
            Dos - Pride pose, take up space, hold your head high, roll your shoulders back, have an open torso, lift your chest.
            Donts - defeat pose, self touch, block, straight your clothes or jewelry, cross your arms, crack your knuckles.
        To be engaging - fronting (angle toes, torso top towards someone)
            eye contact - systain fronting.
        science of perfect handshake - palm to palm, not just finger, thumb up, pump it thrice, reciprocal - match firmness of other person.
            some level of firmness not dead fish.
            no swewaty palms.
    Vocal Power - Story - sound confident and happy genuinely.
        sound confident - facial expressions; happy hello.
        Happy person - I like this person a lot - who wants to deal with disturbance in others.
        fake smile can be read so give genuine.
    verbal power - Story - how to open conversations, what to talk.
        opening lines - nonverbal are 12.5 more powerful. 
            Story - Direct, you, me.
            direct openers - Just name and nice to meet you works wonders.
                Can I join you.
            Transparent openers - brave and meet with trasparent.
                Meeting new people may I join. Never met you.
                No1 to talk to.
                Open about goals to meet.
            Curious openers - do you have time? have you been here b4.
        Better conversationists - social scripts - mindless! Bored with answerable - can't be memorable.
            Story - No obvious QA, seek excitement.
            Social traps - how are you - fine is obvious answer.
                what do you do
                where are you from?
            elevate conversationists
                dig deep for emotion and excitement
                anything good today. Something exciting today.
                Have any vacations coming up.
                Read anything interesting lately.
                Working on any personal passion projects
                what is the highlight of your week
                Have any good shows you're watching.
FND - Behavior - Improve your focus
    About - protect and grow.
    Focus Management - Story - Manage Focus along with time with both protecting it and growing it.
        Time + Focus.
            Focus - strategic allocation of resources toward which is of most value.
            Time management is like have a car. Focus management is how well you drive.
        Like football - protect or defense and grow it or attack.
            5 areas to work on Digital space, physical workspace, mind, time to schedule, relationship - focus on ppl.
    Your Digital Space - Calendar appointments, Apps not too much switch, Time your activity, Digital free zones.
        Our improper use of tech is the problem not tech itself.
            assault your focus.
        Protect - appointments, less tech switching.
            Use calendar all the time.
                create appointments in the calendar.
                turn off the notifications.
            App none. Make most of current tools.
                specific need - get upgrade. Know what you need and get it.
                Pick a lane - OS, software - switching cost. Productivity may be affected.
                Make up investment of 1 month and reap it for 1 year.
                Protect your focus.
        Grow - Timer, Digital free zones.
            Time your activity.
                cube timer - Need to get focussed on that - set achievable limit and stretch it.
            Create Digital free zone.
                @Martial arts and takes a price.
                Schedule a time to unplug - like a day.
                Designate a place where no tech is allowed.
                use device's setting to create the zone.
                Enjoy the time in that digital free zone.
                Avoid media multi-tasking.
    Physical Space - ..
    Mind - ..
    Time - ..
    Relationship - ..
FND - Attitude - Think and Grow rich
    Desire
    Faith
    Auto Suggestion. 
    Specialized Knowledge. 
    Imagination
    Decision
    Persistence. 
    Enthusiastic Support
    Organized Planning
    The Power of the Mastermind
    The Subconscious Mind
    The Power of the Brain
    The Sixth Sense
FND - Foundation Domain includes ed morning spending time on hobby, Exercise, Yoga, Spirituality, Book reading, personal development.
FND - NFP - only Scarf, ribbon, bald and bold.
FND - NFP - 7 in compromised situation, should that invoke compassion to help or is that an opportunity to take advantage of. What mental and social culture is this creating - is this what we believe in?
FND - Devotion - every scrum update is talking about your IQGrats - so it's a fun journey giving scrum updates.
FND - NFP - Trend (universal but especially here)
    Situations become favorable for a vritti - probability of relevant action given a set of conditions or environment or a setting or context.
        very strong cuz there are impressions and tendencies all looking for a slight trigger
    Soul really thinks there is a satisfaction in the excitement (vs higher layers - so you are discontent here)
    Conviction at ego - Nistha - Soul may have theoretical beliefs but internal conviction that sth does make you happy.
        there are n competing convictions - SVAF based for fulfilling a discontent or free time grat.
    This fight drills down to intelligence supporting one of n competing convictions with supply of reasons.
    As per winning side, to get a feeling, some line of willing and subsequent thinking is triggered.
    The law of engulf or consumption takes over.
FND - NFP - Fem are far more than just externals. Beautiful minds, intellects, and what not - how dehumanizing it is to reduce them to externals.
    What do we support them to become. We sponsor their degradation; incentivize them.
    It degrades us. The experience that they must go thru cuz of demand also degrades them and hence the culture cuz of broadcast.
    Their fears of their families not looking at their work.
FND - NFP - All the times I do it, I sense as if some inner voice telling that it's undesirable. As if it's paramatma or intuition.
    Is this how I want then to be or I wish to see them in their best of SVAF. How they face their family. Family bonds affected.
    People distracted - that's far from my ideals.
    Innovation is primarily PnC with the DMPM world - but that's a major distraction. You don't let it get old so that becomes unfortunate.
    Objectification of people as utils of lowest layer - forget accepting them as agents, they are seen as utilities and that too for lowest layer.
    This is so far from reality. Refusing to pay the price for easy reward - that's MOI.
FND - A - Fearlessness - Practice; Belief in karma; Trust in God. Leverage as a favorable factor.
    Substituting with Desire and positive counterpart - power and planning for the same.
FND - Communication - Education has all the vowels and pangrams use all the letters - best being - The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
HomeErp - remote controlled video games, fixture based Nintendo video games, pc video games, Nintendo, XBOX, PS.
HomeErp - car check fuel everytime. Water snacks on a journey.
HomeErp - driving config - b4 starting, check person hygiene, route needs, information exchanges, car related - seat belt, mirror view, hand brake, parts working, emergency light off, emergency services - wiper, flashlights, etc. Ad er getting off - turn off eth - open child lock.
HomeErp Gratitude - pakoda in bread. Knowledge of etiquettes - sequence of offering, oneself to be last, puja prayers ed after papa; intelligence that she wins family.
HomeErp - such relp we must bargain and be flexible from our end (not others) but then must put positive pressure on others - see maine aapka maan rakha hai. Ab aap bhi please mujhe agya dijiye. My probs increase and rewards reduce and so with you and e1. Reasons - the word 'because' itself creates some pressure. Other trivial reasoning like it's possible for you, right. But the reason ain't good enough. The reason not towards increasing overall grats and minimise overall miseries. So, narrative giving just cuz you can isn't good reason but works. Solution is acknowledge that eth is possible but will that be to our liking - with proper relatability.
HomeErp - carry out transactional activities on first opportunity you get (greedy algorithm). Like packing bag for travel - no1 can question you. Then look for transactional completeness of everything (like gold to be exchanged, abhi's gift) and e1 (you forgot mask) around you. After this, transactional trace or logs or anecdotes become important (like informing where you are on travel) - that's where master, config and analytics data takes off.
HomeErp travel - loose cash for emergencies.
HomeErp - Mask in car - config. Cycle folded in narrow lanes so anger in apt place also needed.
HomeErp - car stories, jiju denied opening the car I had leased, car stories - high level view of not just my way but how all cars will pass through attitude, sharp turn then real stakes of hitting a cycle, nangal sudden brakes to save from hitting a bike, fold the mirror on congested roads else it hits - as confident as walking and literally in high rush areas. Don't be stingy with horns in such areas.
HomeErp - Cooking - Cuts - Rough Chop (big tomato), Slice (one one way), Julienned (fine slice), Diced (2-way), Fine Dice (2-way fine), Minced (3-way fine).
HomeErp - Intangible products - Video making - screencastify, zoom recording.
HomeErp - Car with all its controls
	Engine - ABC - Accelerator, Brake, Clutch 
		More - (Gears, Indicators, Horn, key, parking brake, stearing wheel, ignition switch).
	Indicators - odometer distance, tachometer rpm, speedometer speed
		tripmeter, fuel gauge, temperature gauge. Oil pressure lamp. Parking brake or fluid warning, battery charging light.
		controls status (seat belt reminder, ABS, Air bag fault, door open warning lamp, fog lamp indicator)
	Controls - child lock, glass controls, Fuel control. Seat belt. AC Direction or demisters. Mirrors.
	Entertainment - Radio, GPS, USB Control, audio jack speakers. AC and heater.
		Odonil, smatscreen, snacks container or coke holder. Cushion.
	Emergency services - Parking lights, dipper, Headlamps (high beam), fog lamps, windshield wiper switch, hazard lamp switch.
HomeErp - Music - String Instruments
HomeErp - NIT JSR - Filum - a community that you belong to.
HomeErp - What's better frequent visits for few days vs less frequent visits for long duration
	frequent visits - charm for the next.
	improvements get thoroughly talked - you feel at home.
	economical. efforts:reward, company goodness.
HomeErp - Home Remedies - Coughing - take hot water only. Honey; Galinctus.
HomeErp - Spirituality - All departments in KC
	Kitchen - Vessel cleaning, milk, Sabji Purchasing, Cylinder etc.
	Deity - Dress designing, dressing, garland making, deity utensils, etc.
	Preaching - BD, Clg, Outreach to Charismatic ppl, married preaching
	Morning Program - Event Management Team, Calling Guests, Arranging Programs.
HomeErp - Tracking petrol while driving is important.
HomeErp - table cloth used on bed. Taking trunk down from parchhatti - first empty the items and then bring trunk down - good use of physics.
	Fights - all of us have shortcomings but we gotta accept each other for what we are in spite of our shortcomings.
HomeErp - Baingan cutlet. Vadi wala ghiya. Kofta, parotha of made sabji like daal, carrot, gobhi, etc.
HomeErp - Art of guest reception or being a guest - pre, during, post - cleanliness, food arrangement - snacks, beverages and meals or raw material, possible needs well thought and arranged (social awareness for emergency situ), prepare for key purpose of arrival. During reception - welcome, ask about journey, seating config, snacks, ask about journey and then their and related ppl health (wrt weather, etc) or config. General discussions to break the ice during snacks. Offer rest or fulfill the purpose of arrival. Another discussion session with intent to wind up. Kind words for thanking arrival and invitation for more. Arrange for their departure logistics like information, meals for the way, etc. Post - cleanup and reinstate home, reflections and retrospect for the story and future planning. Being a guest - you are 'exit space' in their framework - understand config for how your needs are met like every application consuming the framework does - ie learn facilities and their completeness. Help transition if needed and excuse yourself with kindness when gotta go. What to do when like manager they bust your excuses - little convincing or addition or do it anyways cuz they are transgressing their boundary of control. Next, Serving guest with a stay - have a dynamically adaptable or statically confirmed program set for them. Serving a new member - introduce ppl, home, culture, induction fun and needful program.
HomeErp - mi home automation.
HomeErp - how to change track on car cd - explore attitude cuz song ain't good. Date made 2019 to make it work.
HomeErp - ladi uncle was best bet to reach Ropar early and extend trip to chandigarh - on our own it could not be possible.
HomeErp - Flexben kharcha
	Headset - 1749 / 3900
		https://www.amazon.in/Philips-SHB4405BK-00-Bluetooth-Headphones/dp/B01LWJ6EB7/ref=sr_1_3_mod_primary_lightning_deal?dchild=1&keywords=headset+with+mic&qid=1602832269&refinements=p_n_feature_six_browse-bin%3A15564048031%2Cp_n_feature_four_browse-bin%3A6631678031%2Cp_n_feature_two_browse-bin%3A6631662031%2Cp_n_feature_three_browse-bin%3A6631676031&rnid=6631674031&s=electronics&sbo=Tc8eqSFhUl4VwMzbE4fw%2Fw%3D%3D&smid=A14CZOWI0VEHLG&sr=1-3
		https://www.amazon.in/Tribit-XFree-Bluetooth-Headphones-Built/dp/B0759QFPQ3/ref=sr_1_29?dchild=1&keywords=wireless+headset+with+mic&qid=1602838239&s=electronics&sr=1-29
	Monitor - 6K 7.5K
		https://www.amazon.in/Philips-21-5-inch-54-6cm-Monitor/dp/B07HDMVXSG/ref=sr_1_52_mod_primary_lightning_deal?crid=2W0LR6H2HLVMG&dchild=1&keywords=monitor&qid=1602832961&refinements=p_n_feature_five_browse-bin%3A1464354031&rnid=1464352031&s=computers&sbo=Tc8eqSFhUl4VwMzbE4fw%2Fw%3D%3D&smid=A14CZOWI0VEHLG&sprefix=monitor%2Celectronics%2C550&sr=1-52
		https://www.amazon.in/dp/B07LDH32ZP/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&linkCode=sl1&tag=bestofferamazon-21&linkId=fad6937ac34498246aa29d12d35ca3ef&language=en_IN&th=1
	Chair - 13K, 22K
		https://www.amazon.in/gp/product/B07QN752GX/ref=as_li_ss_tl?smid=AQJ5293RENJR0&psc=1&linkCode=sl1&tag=10320609-21&linkId=d0a0490d7a0a89c79f05143baa397b43&language=en_IN
		https://www.amazon.in/MISURAA-Xenon-Black-High-Back/dp/B08939MCSZ/ref=sr_1_5_mod_primary_lightning_deal?dchild=1&keywords=home+office+chair&qid=1602839688&refinements=p_n_feature_browse-bin%3A8452168031&rnid=8452164031&s=kitchen&sbo=Tc8eqSFhUl4VwMzbE4fw%2Fw%3D%3D&smid=A2M2SLCXMCTTXE&sr=1-5
	Keyboard
HomeErp - Marriage - Komal Sharma - told about life event a little late but handled with maturity - we won't proceed with it. Plz tell others in advance.
HomeErp - Inspired from VOICE setup.
	FIN - Balance Sheet (Accounting Dept - Debit/Credit)
		Scrum - Track your money at monthly level.
	Extended SCM 
		CRM (Guest Reception Dept, Outreach Dept), SRM (purchasing products and services Dept), SCM Production (Kitchen Dept), SCM Logistics (Cleaning Dept - organized eth)
		Scrum - Take standardized services or contribute. Delegation also included.
	HCM 
		Projects (Efforts Time Recording, expense reports and Scrum Planning (Ishta Goshti) - other domains like MP, Preaching, Sankirtan etc)
		Entertainment (Hire to Retire Events - festivals)
		Scrum - Gala Hours, Projects discussions during meals or otherwise.
	Misc - 
		Foundation - (Security Dept, master data)
			Scrum - know your home configuration
		Domain wise departments - Milk, Cylinder.
HomeErp - Singhara with black salt, Brinjal kacharis.
HomeErp - gamifications - tongue twisters - unt uncha, chandu ke chacha, she sells sea shells, kacha papad pakka papad.
HomeErp (SocialErp) - Amritsar Cloth market - bade papaji but after 65 war - eth moved to ludhiana.
	Chemicals making shambhunath sons Bauji used to work in but internal feud happened among brothers and vs Delhi newest technology defeated it. Papaji worked on chemicals only.
HomeErp - SAP Building details - ignoring the details
	eg - 23A - where is it? forgetting the A part.
	eg - where is BLR05.F06 (in solving F06 problem you forget the blr 05 part.
	eg - don't join audio - not heard! even common sense perspective - it is not necessary.
HomeErp - Tv remote and set top box (cable wire earlier) remote vs device controls. Channel, volume, audio source, mute, previous, view channels, pause, signal, menu, radio channels, game, set up, programs - crud. Tv signals - brightness, contrast, mute, volume, channels (don't work), timers off on, lock, zoom, scan, on off for both. Types of channels.
HomeErp - Decision maker in home erp; giving them space vs give a narrative than following 1. Don't be obsessed with talks, while engaging talks, also be mindful of the next program, and not just for them but also others like relatives gotta call for diwali and give gifts to those nearby.
HomeErp - grat streaming is also intended to maximize personal grat streaming only. Think how I can maximize my grat streaming with a person or guest at hand, spin everything towards some layer grat - thru transaction, potential transaction or stories of past. You know grats of every layer in goal and means. You can feel upset for a stimulus or spin it to yet another grat like comedy, fear, drama or hero - I ignore such things like easy. Master data, analytics etc are good but transactional is where grats lie. Master is standardization, analytics is itself a grat but is exploring to maximize grats thru plans, config is making channels of grats thru rituals. Streaming like sky fireworks, anaar in diwali, chakri also - as per physics taking different forms.
HomeErp - it rained so a view from terrace is worth trying.
HomeErp - Learn the art of being co-enjoyer vs personal enjoyment. It's not easy always - eg - 7 overrides your motion or action in favor of personal enjoyment - can reason or find a new niche. Sometimes you suggestions are disregarded - you really wanna help and there are multiple ways to solve a problem - best is topic of discussion but doesn't hurt to do a second best thing, btw so suggest but don't be attached - just give inputs. In co-enjoyment the victory will belong to the leader - one who promises max group enjoyment in consensus or even most powerful personal enjoyer. Driving forces in communication - nic+e (concrete is config study, abstract is master study) - in sume, take every person and find for all their layers their nic+e eg health concern is problem going on. Health interest is yoga, gym, etc. Similarly for other layers - on all meeting, we explore all these things for every person as config details besides master and transactional details, afterwards some analytics. Different configs possible like baby in streets darshan, on terrace, next to car, playing chess, etc. These are configs on transactions, similarly configs on master is who's where wrt to layers like hobbies update on PersonalErp server layer. Story recall is transactions slicing - life is full of stories at different layers - personal experience of bike lost, eg.
HomeErp lapse - bad physics - lack of attention and water spills over mattress. Day transaction - baby health care visit, saurabh facial is his personal erp being sensual server. Sweater wash. Watering plants - interest on spiritual layer server. This interest eventually becomes a concern like even pets keeping. There's concern framework over lifetime like injection for babies, Health problems in different age groups, etc, then adaptation or responses to social news. These can be topics of discussion without track record of a person.
HomeErp - Papita ke parotha.
HomeErp - office is also a home but more focussed on varna side instead of ashram one.
HomeErp includes stock non-stock, lease products. ERP contribs - seva. 
	Cook, finance, clean, seva, chats, many stories - entertainments, snacks, icecreams.
HomeErp also you keep making stories.
HomeErp - Home is for experiences. SCM, SRM, CRM, SCM Production and logistics and planning, HCM and FIN and foundation.
	Guest frequently and funs; HCM for entertainment and projects. SCM Production for cooking, SCM logistics for decoration and cleaning. SRM != Social shopping - it's design time and runtime. Partners are gonna be primary sources of grat streaming not just things - things are more like means.
	In ashram awareness is perfection not ego specifically. Fan speed, ac mode etc.
	Home is runtime and social is compile time.
HomeErp - Marriage sources
	Offices - college, Company.
	Home - Jaam pehchaan, foaf, society.
	Clubs - Temple, SQ, FQ, etc.
	Platforms
		offline - matri arena.
		Online - dating, matri sites.
	Marriage paths - stranger -> Formal -> Friend -> Intimate.
HomeErp - SCM Logistics - Discussing how our home came about from inception of idea to difficulties faced that people would talk about status. Taking a view and sharing. Diwali celebrated alone. 2011 we started living - lots of development before Surabhi didi's marriage.
	SCM Logistics - how home bunglow was being made as configuration - 3 BHK + 2 R + 2 Garages + Terrace + Mounty.
	vs Duplex (less area but n floors like nanake). Villa - single floor living space. Row house - connected houses. Bungalow - isolated property with garden parking area.
	Penthouse
	mansion - really big house, with lots of rooms.
	cluster, bungalow, villa, rowhouse, townhouse, cottage, 
	lodge, hotel, motel
	Independent Residence
		Bungalow, Villa, Lodge and Cottage are independent residences
		Bungalow - low single storeyed or 2nd floor on roof occasionally with wide porches, verandahs and sloping roofs with deep overhangs.
		Villas - country estates built by Romans. They were designed to be self sufficient, and were surrounded by buildings like outhouses, gardens, storage warehouses, and farmlands.
			Romans built these for leisures.
			Nowadays the term is loosely used to mean anything from semi-detached house to a luxurious home.
		Cottage - They were quaint, modest, cozy and practical homes in rural areas. tiled sloping roofs.
		Lodge - dwelling units for temporary occupation during the hunting.
	multiple residences on a plot
		Townhouses are houses which abut other houses by shared walls and are generally higher in density.
			Soon these became the only homes for people preferred to live in towns, close to their work place
			Rowhouses are similar, though smaller, with lesser number of floors and less luxurious than a townhouse.
		A Condo is an abbreviation of Condominium. A Condominium is basically multiple residences on a single plot of land (in many countries same as an apartment).
HomeErp - Smart SRM - petrol never below half, backups for everything toStock, etc.
HomeErp - Room Heater - Fan, Heat, Power switch.
HomeErp - Socket short circuited and lights turned off
	cuz of too much voltage and got hot cuz of room heater
	trip at main switch - turning on switched on the lights for the room.
	Solution is to keep the temperature not at maximum so that it keeps on doing autocut and socket doesn't get overloaded.
HomeErp - you should be proud of your partner. Guiding light to you.
	This is the most important thing in life - most of the people are dragging folks only - no1 knows why marry and why procreate.
	These are choices in the world - wife, friends, food, wake up - eth is choice and determine the outcomes. Nepolean Hills transmutation.
	In spite of all discriminations still it's a gambling - you never know which chocolate you get.
	Fillers for charge points - otherwise you keep working thru the day.
HomeErp - Bikes
	Battery
	Brakes - Disk famous - drum is old. Anti-locking.
	Carburetor - air and fuel mixing - for combustion.
	Chain - engine and rear wheel.
	Charger - battery is given voltage.
	Chassis - frame of bike. All parts mounted on it.
	Clutch - transmit power from 1 comp to another.
	drivetrain - connect parts together.
	engine - old comps together and produces power. Cylinder, pistons.
	exhaust system - gases are released.
	air filter - dust particles not allowed in engine.
	oil filter - engine oil is cleaned.
	fuel tank - fuel held in there.
	gears - parts of transmission.
	Handle grips
	handlebars - steering mechanism. holds brake, etc.
	Helmet.
	Kickstand
	Lamp - headlight or headlamps.
	Mirror - to see back and front.
	Motor - see engine.
	odometer - distance.
	saddlebags - options.
	seating.
	shift lever to change gears.
	sidecar for extra luggage.
	speedometer.
	suspension - on tyres - vibration and noise safety - handling and braking.
	tachometer - rotations per sec when to change gears.
	tyres - tubeless.
	transmission - power from engine to wheel.
	wheels - tubes mounted on it.
	windshield - used by police.
	Choke Switch - morning engine doesn't start - more; engine is cold so more fuel and air reqd.
		Choke giving more petrol - turn on choke switch for more fuel.
		crank in other bikes. Knob, switch.
		keep on for reserve fuel and also for starting the bike in cold.
	engine kill switch
		use - traffic signal - to save petrol.
		safety feature if key is stuck.
		accelerator jam then use it - it will take time to stop.
	Engine start.
	Horn.
	Indicators.
	headlights.
HomeErp - Bike - Battery Dead Problem
	Use kick-start (if that option is available in bike)
	Otherwise, visit the nearest available service station/mechanic/battery repair shop to charge the battery.
	Call on-road helpline of the bike manufacturer (if available)
	Try to Push-N-Start the bike (like they used to start mopeds in olden days). This option may not work with many of the bikes. Not with heavy ones at least.
HomeErp - Cookings - Sabudana kheer, Bread pakoda, bread pakoda rolls, rice kabuli chhole, bread bhujia sauce sandwich, bread kheer - thick, thin, biryani - alu, toppings - bhujia, sauce, shimla mirch, khichadi curd or raita, haldi kheer, palak biryani with lemon, poha with bhujia and tomato toppings and lemon and onions.
HomeErp - FOE for Bangalore Room
	Get flatmates teamed up.
	If done, then talk on all of their behalf to owner for reducing rent by 50% or any lenience.
		If not, gotta talk only for myself.
	Works?
		if yes, then we can continue staying here until next landmark.
		If not, then we gotta look for vacating and finding substitutes.
	Vacating
		Get buyers for your items - can be flatmates if they ain't moving.
		Or rent a place for your items. Stownest - parallel thread of enquiry can take place b4 talking to owner.
HomeErp - SCMProduction
	appam, idiyappam, veg stew, veg pothichoru. puttu with kadala curry.
	Idli, sambar, chettinad, dosa, vada, uttapam, banana bonda, rasam.
	Ragi Mudde And Sopinna Saru: Healthylicious.
	Korri Gassi: Flavours Of Karnataka.
	Obbattu Or Holige: Sweet Parantha.
	Kane Rava Fry: Epicurean's Delight
	chow chow bhath, mysore pak, bisibele baath, 
	Kandhi Podi. ...
	Gongura Pachadi. ...
	Ulava Charu. ...
	Pesarattu. ...
	Ragi Sangati with Natu Kodi Pulusu. ...
	Akura Pappu. ...
	Royyala Veppudu. ...
	Gongura Mamsam.
HomeErp - SCMProduction - ragada patice.
HomeErp - Gift for mama in Udhampur - Scenery.
HomeErp - SRM - Spiritual - Travelled to ekachakra,  mayapur the eating place - the service that they gave.
HomeErp - SRM - sadda pind explored
HomeErp - not able to work cuz resources not available vs taking off (rather, not available).
	Lesson here is you don't have to tell information as soon as it's available but think of the impacts and perceptions.
	I better ask a same age colleague to shoot a mail rather than a colleague in responsible role who won't do justice with proper wording.
HomeErp - driving story - maruti training without knowing bike, bike experience, 2 on bike, projects start like temple visits max 100 km a day.
	Car bought and driving in Bangalore and also taking to office on holidays - challenges with managing half clutch on slope office training and hand brakes to rescue, mild lapse on the way to Nangal in traffic sense, so training starts on ghanupur kale road for ability to handle traffic - papa in front and back and stay cool and handle.
	adhrit hospital visits and forced to take up projects - with 1 person besides.
	Key orchestration for inside and outside parking - networking to rescue.
	Bangalore back for tyre change YouTube rocks and lots of asr experience - observation and asking.
	Ladi uncle lots of learning and syami too.
	Initiative to go alone long distance for collecting rc - virtual already exists and have bill and all.
	Great boost but lacuna of slope and turn and gear interplay - need of mastery on all of them especially responsive half clutch and balance it with acceleration - engine stopping is bad and causes violence which is ok but avoid - like hospital exit and a young boy taking vehicle out with difficulty - ok and ppl accept but not good.
HomeErp - Stories on bruises, etc.
HomeErp - coffee stages - espresso, americano, mochiato, mocha, cappacino, latte, milk white.
Sume
	Why you did what you did - why EMR? How will you revive a node in Cassandra? What are shards?
		use shards to revive; use logs to revive the data on the nodes. Enough to convince him that he is not a specialist.
	You can mould your experience (presentation-wise - basically narrative) to suit a profile but this is not exactly what we are looking for. We want a specialist of DB Administrator.
		You have strong technicals - You are a techie, no doubts about that but we are looking for something else.
Sume
	https://careersidekick.com/best-answers-desired-salary/
	https://www.naukri.com/blog/what-are-your-salary-expectations-sample-answers-to-this-hr-interview-question/
	https://www.glassdoor.com/blog/words-phrases-to-use-salary-negotiations/
Sume - Many companies use consultancy firms to recruit people.
Sume - Narrative of DevOps (My SAP experience besides being stand alone important (DevOps, ERP, etc) and cumulating to future prospects, also does justice to and completes the experience of the past).
	Inf - Dev
		See Req map to Design and Implementations.
		Many DOTNET certifications.
	Inf - QE - 
		Selenium tool to create test cases as per specifications 
		manually test or regression test of the new features (systematically and exhaustively - try to break the system)
		Creating Integration test cases - 
		invoking program from shell to create test cases. Commands based access to the application for easy convenient document creation.
	Inf - Supp
		L0 - nothing.
		Consulting issues.
		Backend corrections
			restarting the XML messages
			Running PLSQL reports, creating reports for standard known changes
		?Code changes - maintenance (conceptually)
	Friends discussion with ABAP OO - wow factor.
	Inf shortcoming - waiting and not looking for work as if work is a liability and not an opportunity.
	SAP - Architectural, framework view, see OLAP at work, etc.
Sume - 
	Almost all interviews be them Dev, DS, systems or even financials (consultancies) - I was selected for interviews.
		Amazon - simple program of anagrams (hashmaps) but when preparation ain't enough, it doesn't work (Initial days)
		Infosys Smartcoder - wrote the algorithm but not the code - obviously no recruitment (Initial Days)
		Morgan Stanley - don't recall but remember he asked a colleague to make some ludo or chess game in OOPS.
		Wallmart - asked for a DP question - without sufficient preparation it doesn't work.
		1 Fin(sth) - was a consulting firm and had nothing to do with shares. But I ruined it intentionally cuz I didn't plan to work with them. What 44^2 - I said I would rather make an application to answer that. He explained that it is needed cuz of dynamic nature of situations they need to be fast on their wits. I said (40+4)^2 so that makes 1600+16+40*80 - which is good response as such.
		Another DS based consulting firm - called for a day of case studies - and considering every task I was their best bet (the chief himself said that to me) but felt down cuz I didn't participate in the GD for Airport making significantly (actually I didn't at all - except burning them all in the end that your model will fail cuz it ignored Bernoulli's theorem). He even shared his personal number with me. Accomodative with hotel room but said this is low voice why I didn't participate in the discussion.
			Why you like this field - cuz meditation on data my teacher told - data data everywhere (fill ups) ...not a drop of analysis. Hobbies - problem solving - give eg - for my younger brother. How you made that app, types of DS techs.
		All other activities - what should be done for outing. How to maximize profits. which company to acquire I had best candidature as he put it. But result matters not efforts. If you fall short it is already an input for improvement or gradient descent.
		1 DS startup company - shortlisted me for interviews and even cleared 2 rounds but in 3rd which had a few puzzles like find fastest 3rd horse outta 25 he said he didn't like my resume in first place (which revealed falling short in past - which was not entirely wrong but sure was a bad narrative). This is his call entirely - cuz he doesn't know situations that caused it - he had pick any theory that he feels is most likely.
		?Mathworks - cleared their written test on understanding exploratory data diagrams, probability, etc (foundational subjects) - which I cleared but then they had a round for case studies in R or something which I was not ready for at all.
		Arista - cleared written but interview which even went well but they only wanted to take their best bet. Another guy who had already worked in systems earlier.
		Cisco - Selected me for interview and had great discussion with how I was always interested in systems with IOT seminars and explanations on workings but no project to support me.
		Hortonworks - cleared the written test but rejected on first question about execution engine's working which made me feel cheating but remember it's always about bets. In most ideal case a candidate will immediately be taken for tasks.
		Samsung RnD - never showed up after their presentation. In B.Tech I cleared all written rounds, but in interview could not make strcmp cuz of nervousness (low energy levels on that day), lack of concrete preparation. Were they recruiting for small - can't say cuz he asked me only 1 question but yes, basic questions.
		SAP Labs - a little hesitant cuz really adored it ignored its small package but liked their presentation and that was the day.
		Siemens - Solved Dynamic Programming (DP) program, colleague gave me some immediate challenges like modularize it. Tell me the points of selection. Now is it the best - yes? try to break the code.
			interview on Design Patterns (DP) and exploration of masters subjects like different data models, etc and it worked. The colleague confessed that he already had declared that I was a good guy. Later during internship also a colleague declared that he is great guy so we can consider but given my actions, manager refused - also the original reviewer gave a bad review that he is learning Big Data and is not already one - which is right, he let him down thru credentials lost, and good friendship is also desirable. A good peer is a good bet to learn from, grow with.
		Many good companies also came later but since I was recruited I was not allowed to sit in them.
	Samsung RnD - cleared Programming written round (3 outta the experienced crowd selected) - It was DP problem but not maximize weight kind but exact weight kind.
		A contained can have blocks fitted along any dimensions - height doesn't matter but sum of width must match exactly with that of container width finally.
		The challenge is maximize the weight that can come into the container - the weight of every block is product of their dimensions.
		art of accepting inputs is not out of the box so first I standardized that before I could pick up the challenge.
		First tried with bottom up - but the standard example we do tends to maximize the value as it checks for all the weights - no guarrantee that weight fits exactly but less than or equal to.
		I had a break condition put in cuz of which the loop for checking for only first test case and not the others. No way for me to tell cuz they had given no test cases - and no even input that you cleared even some of the test cases - they will come to you if all are cleared.
		Finally applied the top down approach - where returns negative number if the invalid case (rolls up) and weight if fits exactly.
			debugging was a great help - not thru code but thru trace while taking a personal eg.
	Huawei RnD - asked me to take exam while I was at home. I didn't even have my own PC - it spoilt my mood cuz mixing 2 different moods. But I didn't take exam - came to Bangalore and cleared the Greedy based program - find the maximum light area given lights span in 1-dimension as (x1,x2) - sorted them and then looked for overlaps to keep stretching - induction.
	Proposals for teaching in BITS Pilani but I ain't ready for that, nor even have time - I know stuffs inside out but it doesn't work with weekday job on hand which runs in startup mode.
	EduCBA - Freelance for content writing - Proposed for article writing. asked for sample article - Selected based on the sample article. Offer next week they said.
		free sample has become a norm in business models - netflix or any content is like formative experience free, basic functionality free, etc. (WYSIWYG and win thru gratitude)
	Microsoft RnD - Software Developer Job I don't have immediate plans for but it's so alluring cuz you have adored these companies cuz they were our first exposure to world of PC.
	Amex and even others - HR selects the resume and is excited about it but recruiter isn't excited - why - cuz projects are more specifics than HR's experience - HR looks for tags, narrative, confidence, experience in years, taking stand, sensible expressions - but project guys looks for a peer to finish his tasks faster - it should be work specific, not recruiting a guy to learn here but contribute here - he is ready to contribute from day 1. Resume should not look like trying to give a narrative but has a narrative - but I avoid lies.
	Getting calls from oracle, wallmart and others for full stack web development but it is important for me to work where I want to. No1 minds stretching themselves if they are enjoying their work or their work is in alignment with their ego or targetted ego.
	PwC shortlisted my resume for data scientist and called for interview - skipped weekend in favor of samsung RnD which I cracked. Got a call after few days - didn't know PwC is such a big concern but I like technical stuff so I am not sorry for not valuing it for its worth.
	NoSQL Data Administrator Job - he said you are a techie from the discussion.
		master, slave - 1 node fails what you do - answer this? Logs writing, replicate the data to other node.
		You may know hadoop and claim that you can manage this one - but want a ready guy (we can bet on) not a even promising guy
		or well data point quite close to the cluster - no, being in the cluster we want (better heart or centroid of cluster)
		Moral, nothing beats core experience - getting your hands dirty inside. Experience isn't substitute of knowledge, understanding and aptitude but can add more depth and substance.
		But you can manipulate narrative in your favor but our expectations are very specific about the role - he should have worked managing nosql server.
Sume - Resume vs CV (Resume - etymology - take back)
	The resume will be tailored to each position whereas the CV will stay put and any changes will be in the cover letter.
	I would say the main difference between a resume and a CV is that a CV is intended to be a full record of your career history and a resume is a brief, targeted list of skills and achievements.
Sume - 
	JD has 3 parts - Managerial view (context for work - the big picture), Technical view (my role exits in the larger framework) and mental mapping - how I am best fit for it concretely explained.
	Technical view or a work day tasks - to be seen as nested under roles and reponsibilities (context of work) - also further mapped to how my experience maps to them.
		next stage after this is forming a syllabus for [knowledge and ]giving narrative for the best fit of technical view.
Sume - PwC JD to interview plan
	offering
		ERP depth - broad exposure to a variety of industries and assignments
		DS field - switch and focus on management consulting
		peers - fast paced and innovative environment along with a group of world class and entrepreneurial professionals
	Roles and Responsibility - Managerial view (context of work)
		communication - get requirements from stakeholders, translated to analytical solutions.
			business analytics - alongside clients and consultants in the U.S., performing high-end analysis and providing business recommendations to project teams.
		manage large scale multiple datasets with confidential informations (internal, external, public data sets) - analytics driven in direction of purpose.
			leveraging pwc big data platform.
			Independent work with ambiguous requirements, multiple tasks, within deadline.
		design analytics products using tools and techs for stakeholders which they can use (well documented) and rely on (design decisions, operating procedures explained)
	Technical view (a work-day) - my exits in above framework
		consulting - communication skills - work across various internal organizations and international teams
			Product expert Support - what business decisions should be taken - cost distribution, debates with colleagues about the best stand. work arounds, etc.
		Arch - Problem -> DS algorithm (computational efficiency and testing)
			Eg - Free text Product Description to Product Id, product category; eInvoicing; Work Priority ML; QnA model by colleagues.
		Analytics Experience - 
			Big Data and Distributed environments - Siemens, SAP OLAP systems.
			Python, R, Spark (IIITB R, Siemens decision tree model, Casual programming, etc)
			Topics - Stats, ML, AI (Excel in siemens for visualizations, hypothesis testing, tableau)
		Managerial - mentor and train junior team members[, recruitment thru interviews] - casual work related discussions (QnA involved) with junior colleagues in SAP.
	Syllabus for narrative
		ERP - should know.
		SAP ML problem formulation, excel vba, validations, OLAP systems
		Siemens - projects view, ML used, excel.
		IIITB - tableau, R.
Sume -
	SAP scanned invoicing - convert unstructured data to structure data for business document within the system
		we have ground truth; we have scanned outputs in json formats with a lot more details than necessary - convert to csv - use vba to remove unnecessary columns and format properly - compare the values - give accuracy percentage.
		cloud reporting - just users
		OLAP - 
			Transaction data -> Materialized views stored in hana db.
			OLAP Reports are queries which can be customized to make specific reports by SAP or customer.
				UI view for selection of features, measures, aggregations, etc.
					slicing dicing - parameters.
					Selection pane for slicing dicing - uses query on view underneath. (properties on each row field or characteristics - only unique, etc)
					View section pane for aggregation on keyfigures and selecting characteristics.
				Report - BO's view - Identify - dimensions (like customer, supplier, org, etc), identify characteristic (attributes of dimensions), identify key figures (measures) - make calculation rules. Unions (clash then which one)
	Siemens - 
		Hadoop has many execution engines (Hive, drill, spark, presto). Which one is best for a given query on a dataset. Developed a product to act like platform for runtime evaluation of any execution engine - extendable.
			TPCDS dataset - also supports query - with some customization works across execution engines - like drill used prefix which I did thru regex.
			run all query on all of them - and collect metrics (RAM used, time taken, disk used, Virtual memory used) thru REST API calls - the engines running on VM first, local cluster in siemens next, AWS EMR later.
			why used EMR cluster node and not rely on VM - cuz system should be hot and dependable outcomes - not with other processes struggling for resources.
			Once we have metrics for all the queries - and characteristics of query in terms of selects, joins, selection clause, grouping clause, aggregation clause - given the metrics for priority - we need to find or extend the metrics to other unseen queries - so using regression or classification.
			Dropped the idea of regression because of countable number of cartesian product of query abstractions (selections, joins, etc). Suffering from high bias cuz of limited data.
			For classification, drew decision trees for helping find best engine at runtime. Implementation of the results of decision tree could be next steps if someone would want.
		Space Reduction - Fabricate data following different patterns (random, normal, zipfian), write into different nosql engines using threads and measure time taken. read from different nosql engines and read time and space. Now, after identifying best performer find other ways to minimize the space requirements.
			out of the box techniques to save space like compression algorithms, etc.
			created some algorithms to save data point on 1 standard deviation from last 300 points (read from stackoverflow)
			deadbanding algorithm to space saving - save only the change in the trend and not from horizontal or every change.
			Used excel for diagramatic presentation of results for concrete results to make decisions.
			cartesian product of all of the above combinations is important to note and our system must accomodate them all.
			also created command line utility for other consumer teams to consume our platform for their decision makings.
			Using REST API for facade for health checks of hadoop cluster - on UI using bootstrap. Wrote JUnit test cases (much extended in SAP).
				converted our project into a server which used rest api to return results - consumed by UI on bootstrap.
		//Utils - using loggers and property files all along, different libraries for connectors, data model conversions, number generations, Maven for managing the size of these libraries and dependencies, winscp, ssh for communications, etc.
		//experience with threads racing conditions, importance of semaphores, etc.
	IIITB - 
		Stackoverflow - personal and professional details - with reviews.
			cleaning - null values- go select blanks, making bins, removing unnecessary columns, some regex.
			Descriptive - casual stats on data.
			Tableau - comparing countries; comparing fields, against money, etc.
				exhaustive use of analytical tools - slicing dicing rollup , drilldown.
				hypothesis testing - not really.
			Clustering - on data or people - quite similar to grouping cuz all features being categorical and not numeric.
				on attributes itself - correlations, etc - found which technologies go well together and are high in demand.
				PCA to show clustering
			regression/ Classification - since salary was categorical we used country, techs, years, etc to predict salary band.
				given techs of interest predict domain most suitable for them.
			association rules - support and confidence concepts - A=>B kinda relationships. Tell me your details, I tell you which you should be in. It is basically grouping on attributes (columns) or rows - for how well they be together - pattern recognized.
				if someone claims he loves his job and is in consulting- you can say with 80% confidence that he is into freelancing. (of course, it's co-occurrence)
				salary and job satisfaction correlation. Association between age groups and online courses.
				US guy 35 years old and satisfied with job then you are not planning to switch.
				age 30, compensation like 60K then not planning to switch.
				Finance and earn more than 16K then must be 11+ years.
		Semantic web - Neo4J for NOSQL. experience with mongo, etc. schema design, data representation in xml - conversion to neo4j representation. queries from bootstrap based UI to server consuming services from neo4j to returns results - applications of AI reasoning rules on the neo4j database - eg - transitivity - if aR1b, bR2c, then aR3c.
Sume - PwC Company (Big 4 for financial consulting)
	PIES - Hanuman ji - we learn from our role models - opportunity for Prost pub - I just had a glance and came back to proceed with my business cuz sth matters far more - like Ram's mission mattered far more than golden mountain. Of course this application of transcendence into material realm but it's fine.
		So our role models are of such high standards that we evolve thru them.
	Maid - Only sundays I clean balcony - but I am not there on sundays so how do we deal with it? I will do it now. Ask them for solution.
	If a lady has 2 children and she says 1 child is girl - what's probability that other is also girl - don't rush on answer - take your time = 1/3 thru diagram. P(G|G) = P(G AND G)|P(G) = 1/4 / 3/4 = 1/3 - why 3/4 cuz BG, GB, GG.
	Kmeans vs Knn - Knn is finding the centroid in n-dimensional space. Kmeans I don't know. Cool!
		knn I had forgotten the part of assigning label on each data point to recompute the centroid - rushed thru part of changing centroid until distance intra-cluster is minimized.
		raised eyebrow for a while but he ignored assuming that I know but didn't express properly.
	You suggested Wordcloud for xml of different countries - how does it work - what is concept - high level API but low level details? Term frequency matrix, TFIDF what is it and how is it different.
		I start working it out thru pen although I am buying time to think while I do that.
	Talk about your projects - how is analyst a narrative. Consuming REST services for scanned invoice - he liked this eg.
	How do you know interest - starts talking about teams, challenges, current CTC.
	Direct review and feedback - I expected you to ask more questions rather than have assumptions and later clarifying them.
	It is a mixed role involving analytics, product development, consuming your own product, consulting.
		Don't call me Sir. Yes it takes a while.
	Probability that dice will show different face on 6 throws - let me work it out - 6!/6^6 and what would that be - ~0.01 a little lesser than that.
	spark broadcast - we consumed spark services from high level connectors but let me try it and correct me if I am wrong - RDD in different machine the intermediate stage of computations and while we do that - to save time we communicate the RDD with other machines to also have the copy of it. Bingo! (This is a gratifying experience for the guy)
	Questions for me - team role, context of work, expectations, travel, team size, dynamic work,.
	Cast study on consulting - A planet (say jupiter) is found where there is rain of diamonds how do you approach the problem.
		should customer go for it.
		interest in profit - how do you know - (always stay firm on your argument) - every company is. Even if it is funded - it is better to be independent - govt will get taxes so they will definitely be interested.
		Liabilities - Machinery, Human cost (trust factor), fuel cost, if unfavorable envt then robots cost (conditional)
		Conditions - how much rain, frequency, how safe, competition in market, demand in market, etc.
		Assets - Diamonds, Videos, Science research on mechanisms - so quite many sources of revenue there.
		Take the best pick among following options - asset is x amount and y is this much amount - the biggest margin. What if there is success rate associated.
			Law of large numbers - in a short run, you may see profit like it's possible to see 3 heads in a row but pure play of probability but in 200 tosses expectations stays 100.
				multiply revenue by success percentage for exact numbers to maximize profitability.
		I was expecting you to arrive at this question thru questioning rather than me asking explicitly.
		I see you have done graduation way back so not all of it was analytics right else seniority should not be a problem for us.
		I have worked with OLAP system designing in SAP - he got that the narrative is 2 years of analytics after M.Tech and development b4 Masters - that's what I wanted to bring.
		Frankly I didn't understand the REST part - we are not into technology in that way but seeing business problem - mapping them into ML problem solving it driven by business use case. 
		My review - he knew ML and big data very well but development techs not so much - it is primarily a business analyst role but lots of expsure at that - doing consulting as well - so it's merger of data science with consulting.
	All happening together during interview - Samsung and Huawei also sent mail of selection in first round and call - gotta ignore at that time.
Sume - Huawei used test mettl for their first round. Samsung has many online test takers like aiglider, hackernoon, etc - all of them just input to samsung team for their first round of coding challenge. consider all those online challenges as both practice and 0th round for recommendations to samsung.
	also samsung has different challenges for different levels - 3 hr for others but professional level was 4 hr the highest level which I cleared - feels good.
Sume - when any questions - try asking about everyday work. Getting the essence of their work as company, as team, etc.
Sume - 1 telephonic interiview - asked for challenges I said too much words for us to digest in Data modeling project but we recorded his voice and explored every word in depth and got the application made in a week.
Sume - Siemens I also used objectpool or threadpool for thread creation avoiding time waste.
Sume - another part of narrative is how I was stuck while working with UI styling by another devotee - later studied all types of design patterns.
Sume - Huawei RnD
	But ML has to have 100% accuracy for OLTP right? yes, but suggestions only for IR approval and review screen in siv - if 90% effort is done that's a great advantage and a welcome thing.
	I don't see narrative as linear but multi-branched. DAG or directed graph.
	Arch of 1 feature you developed yourself - I said Scanned Invoice to SIV document in the system.
	LL fast remove a node with specified location - write no bug neat code cuz simple.
	Traffic system implementations - I used Design Patterns.
	Discussion, Analytics but big data only we have here, that's also under analytics umbrella (use case wise - dev wise it's framework or system)
	next gen we make - consuming services vs making one - questioned why I chose SAP - application development - I have been fortunate with my choices and got to worked closely with framework so fortunate me. High level but usage of Design Pattern clearly visible. What was the framework - that's proprietary.
	Which OLAP - it's proprietary.
	We spend 80% time coding.
	Hashmap vs treemap - faster retrieval. Why gap - what you did in 2014, why prof; why sap and not sth else.
	I don't see narrative of career linearly but as DAG. No matter where you are on stack there are layers above and below you.
	Full end to end if you ask - I did that with Siemens with my consumers.
	You have lotta ML - well both under umbrella of analytics.
	What is the architecture of spark - on top of it but know rdd, mapreduce advantage in MM - broadcasting - job didn't demand it from me but I know on personal front.
	Cloud consuming not creating - implementation experience along with other people - so know and personally also did that.
	SaaS part of SAP - VM for every customer - multitenants. Kubernetes we started 2014 -so we leaed the show. Giving 200% not work life balance. What techs you worked explain the high level picture of what you know. What OLAP vs OLTP. What's hadoop architecture, etc.
	Programming - Integer.parseInt implementation no regex only raw. Write code for tree generation from preorder and inorder traversals. Write code for subarray summation - brute force time complexity and better appraoch find formula. what's the world we are talking - all aaS we develop not so much into ML.
	You pivot at layer or exits and innovation suffers.
	What were you doing in 2014 - miscalculation on gate score - so you can say preparation for gate - ur rank - he won't check so damn thing - but no memory of it.
Sume - Symantec Anti-virus
	good interview but left saying that your people not interested - wanted more to choose from.
	This was important for me cuz for once I respected (idolized) the company when I travelled thru it - while doing some spiritual program.
	This was even good for me - it was good take on that chapter. Satisfied with it.
Sume - KPIT Cummins
	Encapsulation vs abstraction.
	Object oriented conception. how version management. Project related what you did.
	SQL queries. Javascript - client side vs server side. What's MVC architecture.
	authorization vs authentication.
	Some simple programs.
	cleared also but he was not satisfied fully so said HR talk some other day which didn't happen - but got a call after 1-2 months.
	KPIT cummins selected me (well almost) but transcendence or providence had different plan. This means narrative at that time was indeed application development.
	SAP was both competion of the past and road setting for the future.
Sume - KPIT Cummins - Questions asked authentication vs authorization. MVC, Javascript client side, server side. Version management tools. Projects discussions - they were satisfied with amount of details. SQL related questions. OOPS concepts - inheritance, polymorphism, etc.
Sume - 
	PwC Digital review - Probability questions and ML questions knowledge - he didn't know XML, JSON, REST API - this means their CS technical is not very strong - they call Probability and stats and ML facilities as technical knowledge. 
		They work on top of Big data platform so they might be consumers of hadoop not creators. 
		For software creation, there are tools for deployment for final product. So, that's a facade they work on.
		They are primarily invested into doing consulting and supporting consulting (technical side) - real situations and how to formulate ML problems and solve them to accelerate the consulting process (ghost deck).
		Many of our colleagues left for MBA (and not M.tech) - so people over there idolize Business line - doing the business more than solving problems in business. They ML consumers - don't expect a lot of coding there - they create models, training, etc.
		Veredict - good for growth in ML consumption (wide range) and growing as business analyst. Compromise on core CS, systems, programming.
	Huawei RnD Review - expecting Data structures for a solution - not very responsive with Design Pattern solution - so lacking depth of Design Patterns there.
		Very strong understanding of cloud stack or domain knowledge. Algorithmic thinking is good - not demanding as in expecting Dynamic Programming, graphs algos, NP complete approximation algorithms, etc.
		Time complexity curious - so performance, security - these words are important to them.
		OSS community and contribution - very strong. Architectural understanding - very strong - get grievances - formulate problem, give architecture, 80% time in coding or development.
		Asked if I have contributed to OSS already - means investing into good coding.
		Compromise on ML (but there are libraries they make in spark).
		Integer.toString - means do a little bit of slightly lower level of coding also. You are not on application anymore.
		Why Hana DB failed - cuz of strong core but bad ecosystem (architectural understanding).
		Big Data having tough time cuz consumers find it difficult with so many configurations, so many options in SQL based engines.	
			Cloudera and Hortonworks merged together. Big Data is not the shining thing right now.
			What about SparkML. 
		Systems knowledge becomes stronger - Cloud Computing. CI - (I read Jenkins) so the devOps tools are still there.
		My willingness to prepare better - home work - interpreted as start working - nope, that's a typical manager right there.
			It's about money you see. Of course, I love my craft but don't take it for granted - end of the day, Varna is for this realm but also assist and preparation for the next.
		Veredict - good add on for a developer. Data Science bridging possible as SparkML in future which also has some ML expectations - the big data part can give you an edge.
		Lapse - make sure you interact a few colleagues working there so that you have fair understanding of the work culture - don't ask manager or interviewer about it.
Sume - Freelance - eduCBA - 
	see sir I am anyways interested in writing articles. So, it is a welcome thing.
	I have wide range of experience so any topic should not be a problem.
	We hope to pay 500-750 per article and range of 4-5 per week. What are your expectations - yes, 750 sounds great it matches with my interest and I am excited about this.
	Ok I had evaluated it to 650. Let's keep it at 700. All terms and conditions on the offer letter.
Sume 
	100% is more of implicit thing - externally you say number not even range.
	Give explanation - no hike this year, Personal reasons like marriage, It's kernel work which has high value for inside products and outside.
Sume - SAP Labs
	"so what happened on Friday" in a class- Amm.. Jesus resurrection
	Welcome!- it's welcome back- you set my grammar free; I have employed him for my grammar.
	Round1
		Project related- need in real world, if that's already done (papers, real world scenario)
		explain project in non-technical and technical terms- Tools used
		Why JIT, what's bytecode, what's java architecture
			OOP vs Procedural
			how do exceptions work- types and implementation
			what' the meaning of platform independence in java.
		puzzle 8 balls- tell heaviest
		I asked for feedback all the time. Always emphasized how good learner I am as is evident by my resume and projects.
	Round2
		Pointers arithmetic- code what's answer and why
			hexadecimal- -1 given left shift by 4 (2's complement)
		Binary Search tree- defn, full vs complete
			tell level of highest valued node in BST- rightmost traversal.
			tell level of a node on BST- levelled traversal, depth first traversal.
			Post,In,Preorder traversal of a given tree
		SQL queries- count of employees per dept, Join queries
			Tell Normal form of design
		SE lifecycle- spiral
	Round3
		What after eBay- meaning of prototype- deploy and launch
			like kart so we modelled eth but eBay is pretty big- internal we don't know but externally 60% of it- schemes, offers, wallet.
			what was your responsibility- struts- explained it
			what if a person doesn't contribute- 
				division of labor and have them motivated
				which person did most- can't compare apples and oranges- appreciated others' work
				if given task is not done then it's betw manager and him
				but not taking initiative then I will delegate my trivial work to him.
			what if someone did more than lead asked
				can't reject the effort, see what percentage is useful wrt end desired purpose; scrape off remainder one.
			what you did special.
			eBay blacklisted me when I played around- I think that should be allowed.
		why we need another- 
			new features (Sir said client treated like God- minimal information)
			interesting links- searched most and as per your taste
		what kinda work we do- clouds, Database, systems side- my resume reveals how variegated it is.
		why us? I like learning- hana db in-memory how it works
		who are our clients- infosys (my friends there) and similar
		who are our competitors- technically it's a box but SAP is ocean and you gotta see complete picture.
		do we get assigned to project immediately? no training 3 months and 1 month project specific.
		what profile- I have preference for analytics- shared stack overflow data and our analysis- I would like to work there.
			I have mastered descriptive, currently studying exploratory which would be done soon
			clustering, classification- I will touch upon but in detail later!
		You are NIT- AIEEE selection!
	Round4
		tell about you
		your family- it's good family
		you are mobile- family doesn't miss- I visit them often.
		tell specialities of your cities you have stayed
		you must be tired, willing to go home?- yeah but wanna go happy with offer!
		Any preference for profile- analytics.
Sume - HR
	Desperation - no, you are not easily sold cuz you have higher taste.
	Is it negotiable - yes it is but I already discussed it yesterday right.
	They are not in rush for recruitment.
	They revert to tech team in case of extremes. But Tech team don't recruit as m out of n people.
	Compensation vs CTC - I want compensation - benefits are all in the air.
		these are the handles around which they can play.
		My ask is also based on current compensation and not CTC so the final result should be in compensation only.
		Why ignore variable as if it doesn't matter - I get it end of year so they can't just ignore it and if we do, I have to be explicit about it (for bargain).
		see they want you to ignore it so that bargain can be on their side.
	This junior colleague won't have a lot of influence on the one who interviewed and decided on the numbers.
	See, we are not desperate - we don't wait for them - when they give an offer, we sit down and evaluate if it in our best interest and decide - money is not the only consideration.
		can any company provide the employee satisfaction of SAP for eg - but don't let that delude you also.
	Nothing stops anyone to reconsider their terms, conditions, revoke, etc so we never put all eggs in one basket.
	If you get a call during a meeting, you don't run out to attend it (that's just desperation).
		Your present job is any day better and more important than future offer - no matter what - 1 in hand is better than 2 in bush.
		And they should be understanding about it, if they are not, their problem, man. Just write them a message informing that you are in a meeting.
	HR almost never is candidature cancellation round. Team may force HR to exceed their budget or HR may pressure them to find a replacement - in which case Tech have upper hand.
	First time so you are so alert with your P and Qs but eventually you are expected to be neutral with it - just another day. That's being healthy.
	Saurabh, mind it! companies are no less but people of your calibre like you are scarce.
Sume
	HR is equally vulnerable when you have an offer cuz you should not capture another offer in the meantime.
	How buyout works.
Sume - HR checks attitude - wants to work but no compromise on money also. Don't bring money - don't play at surface - don't say 100% - give narrative - hike 10% then 70% on top is not an unreasonable ask.  Don't say numbers. If they propose 14 then say it's too less (don't forget that in hand also excludes income tax which increases with the slab) so reality is 4 lakh increase may mean 18K more per month only.
Sume - 
	Y chose SAP application development - why considering a change - fortunate to work with them - SaaS.
	2015 - hana db was at its peak. but dwindled cuz of bad ecosystem but arch really good.
Sume - Huawei Qs - what's the use of ML in your OLTP system cuz we need 100% accuracy for that right.
	Well, we had the idea of review screen - but again effort on their part - anything is better than nothing - if your 90% of effort is taken care of already or is correct - just minor validation with pdf in front.
	Also, take auto-approval of IR as eg - we don't approve it already but give the input of how confident we are with the classification & on what basis and user can take a call with these inputs - they can even use mass approval of all IR above certain threshold if you trust a high score enough.
Sume - any question it was possible to give up saying I have not seen this before but taking the adventure of solving the problem is what's important.
Sume - friends review - not a company of my choice but enough to write paper - now I am trying for company that I am really interested in.
Sume - PwC (2)
	SVM project on spam detection - explain that project.
	How to ensure outliers don't affect the model - logistic regresssion or SVM? Logistic regression if there is linear dependency otherwise SVM is best for margin error separate to classification error. Vector machines only look for gap from the center line. Maximize the margin - roll up of all technical understandings is important for practical.
	do you know the difference between PCA nad FA - PCA is minimize the projection error.
	experience - features in SAP and directly in Siemens so you can say 3 years.
	you know what words you came up with in the word cloud that stood out.
	Input / feedback - n-aspects on which we judge but we keep noting them down during the process. HR will get back to you on this.
		decision taker on that is HR not us.
	Gradient Descent vs stochastic descent.
	Mapreduce vs spark.
	3rd round supposed to be with VP.
	class variable or target variable based on features. Vocab is so important.
	Pyspark sorry! that's a language not a tech.
	Our PaaS on top of which our analytical team exists - there are open source contributors as well. What technical team makes on top of Big data Platform is widgets.
		they also may have to use these widgets to perform consulting with the client.
		they call is onshore or offshore.
	Case study of cookies for Indian market - it's is new product chocolate based cookies that didn't exist but cookies ain't new.
		we have to check its market - rural vs urban targetting
		chocolate so tasty but health issue so highly urban who have probs with diabetes are not our best bet (highly developed) - statistical surveys of different cities can be a good bet.
		caffeine helps alertness so can help in our advertising campaign - malls can have free stalls to try cookies for free - new flavor.
			innovation like icecream inside cookies.
		it has indian origin so in our favor - people will have some bias for it.
		urban vs rural - such lifestyle is more common with urban lifestyle.
		the place not targetted by competitors. And where they already exist - that's where we can show our existence.
		should be done gradually not directly installing factories cuz that can lead to loss. That's a liability - manpower costs also to be considered.
Sume - Samsung RnD - Conversational AI backend
	Triplets in an array (double arrays; all variants)
	9 balls - 1 of which is heavy which one - you knew the answer to this didn't you - yes but how to divide and conquer on scale - no don't think it much - Not that I am insecure with that.
	Triplets in an array (double arrays; all variants - sum to 0; some other number); what about duplets summing to zero and so forth.
		can we apply DP here - where is DP applied first - something to maximize and something memorize - I meant recursion of choose or not choosing an element.
	1 config class with all properties - n threads need to create it if it doesn't exist for their consumption
		which design pattern is best suited - is it thread safe - depends on implementation - we gotta use synchronized.
	linked list find the middle element - find length and then traverse till length divided by 2 or use faster counter and slower counter.
	sum of elements in a matrix inside a matrix - ask any 2 coordinates and give me query response as sum of all elements - every cell should remember its sum under its umbrella - variant solution to remember all the horizonal and vertical sums.
		init function to get sum under every cell - n^2 time
		query - S(i1,i2) - S(i1,j2) - S(i2,j1) + S(i2,j2) - constant time.
	is a given graph a tree - only function - 
		check if in DFS we revisit a node seen before and after all are done - check if there is a vertex remaining.
	Problem in inheritance before than JAVA overcomes - multiple inheritance (diamond problem) - where same variable name or function name under by both the class we inherit from.
	Only server side customer facing code - statistics of those things as well.
	How do you implement tinyurl system - draw the system design.
		which db distribution or not cap theorem; algorithm - every character incremented with every request (good!).
			hashing on tinyurl - well yes but bigger to smaller mappings so collisions are possible so gotta recheck with the DB.
			PL/SQL on DB vs separate controller with algorithm to convert for different threads of request.
		I may not be interested in company and profile but you ask me CS question then I take that very seriously and it gets solved.
	Networking Layers TCP IP - DNS system on curl request.
	linux is bein gused here. Not high on design patterns etc. 
	Rest API uses which protocol - HTTP - Http1.0 and Http2.0, you know the different - more security - anything else I am not aware at present.
	IP not secure you said - no, it is best effort in unreliable network - bits can change or may not reach the other system.
	How TCP works - 3 way handshake protocols - go back N, sliding window protocols.
	Analytics you seem to be interested in from profile - yes but also in frameworks - so mind in duplicity at present. But analytics interest definitely.
		You don't have open your private matters that openly in front of them. Take their bid and then later let them know.
	Samsung Conversational AI like google assistant but only the backend of it.
	Sir I will take a little time thinking about it. Balanced trees so equal on either side but types - no don't recall - it's been a long time.
	Heap data structure you know - definitions.
	Online fuss about srib - work team, subjective (we don't make managers feel bad about their work; it's a bad politics)
	As soon as I said analytics interest - I knew if he didn't like it - he's gonna ask some intriguing questions even if he himself may not know its answer.
	Distributed advantage with n threads but 1 numbering - PL/SQL being bottleneck for all the application servers - let there be multiple DB servers.
	You know HBase Data Model - yes columns are not concrete metadata but created for every record separately in columnar format.
	Yes did you say something about your interests - yes they asked - and you said you were in interested in data analytics - yes! - sigh! ok call me tomorrow morning or better evening - remember to call me else I may forget.
	Development is already done. We work on customer issues which can be fun or mundane; javascript mostly, front end also but facade looks like.
		all products in big company are already made and work is mundane which is in one sense good for work life balance.
	Not a lot of design patterns but some yes. Python java something but js mostly.
	Not where models are trained but rest api we use to interact with them.
	different building, different team interview means I have high demand among groups. But conversational AI - not core work - product is already built we support domains (exits, configs) and customer ticket solving also.
	Why I said analytics strong interest - cuz I meant it (wanted to work), 3 types of groups (products or specializations) interviews possible (tech1 + techno-mgmt + tech2(if not tech1) + HR), bad reviews from quora, mind wanting to change current work (didn't even apply in oracle and such works); justice to masters major, samsung joinee before from our company didn't get to work on ML that he expected. All of those reasons cumulated into implicitly not wanting to join that product team.
	Current work is SaaS on cloud platform - you have cloud experience Siemens directly and SAP with ML services and otherwise remotely.
		How many customers and how much usage - those details with deployment team which I know since attended their seminar and also cloud on demand OLAP system but those nitigrity details not known to me.
		VM for every customer and also different tenants for different customers at present.
	Don't call sir - sorry! it takes time to get used to - do you even remember our names - well, that's one reason behind saying "sir" but eventually I will.
Sume - I will like to have a person who has already worked on it and not the one who will learn (not a fresher) - that guy worked with us as c-user can he come back.
Sume
	Be so good that you want and you get it next day - it should become a seamless process for you - anybody can wake you up in middle of the night and you are ready for interview.
	No use kich kich with 1 company - get their bid or quote and you decide the best one based on best work, best package and use negotiation with backing else what's the point in saying I want 22 or what.
Sume - Samsung Review of 1st group interview process - numbers are manipulated for narrative but have some say.
	DSA Programming - 2 (some assistance it took and so justified)
	Domain - 4 (manipulated - Systems Design for URL)
	Projects knowledge - 3 (highly manipulated)
	He will be a good bet for data analytics (even this is beyond his observation but all of their manipulations are meant to help me in my narrative)
	Given a product - what all contributions do you propose with your skillset?
Sume
	Learning over the IV processes isn't dependent on final outcome - that's like learning over neural network which is complex and time consuming.
		focus your attention on learning over individual process point - you know how satisfying your response was. So, that's the cost or profit function and not just yes / no.
		first hand feedback is also very helpful
			in aligning with what is and what should be more like specifics related alignment - given the premise of this work, what was expected and what was.
				I will not try to prove myself. "But some inputs so that I can improve on places where I fell short".
			and not technical or functional one - cuz that you know immediately.
Sume
	I never compromise on B aspect of present while preparing for future
		Eg - Took half day cuz manager meet up in the morning.
		Eg - Thursday Team meeting - I rescheduled the IV.
		Eg - Infy - you can leave - no, I won't cuz I committed and that's won't be justice to my current work - where are you from? - ...
		Eg - AT&T Testing - would discuss about those prospects but never gave that time to anything other than work.
		Eg - NOT - attending camps or visiting places - that's what bench by definition is - that just betrays your willingness to work which has its repercussions.
		Eg - the narrative of what you did in 6 hours can be subject to normal distribution so a little less on some days but you make up for them in next day.
			Ideally I am always above +2 sd away the normal mean but I am always above +0 sd away from normal mean in the very least.
			+1 sd when there are other things. +3 when I am fully into the stuffs.
Sume - if you have to say that I will do necessary homework to get to the stage that you can consider me, you are not ready for the role and you should voluntarily refrain from it.
	never choose a role where you will be expected to work hard - choose a role that will leverage your already acquired skills and talents.
Sume
	DS - OLAP, DV, Stats (& Probability including Hypothesis Testing), AI, Distributed Computing, ML, DL, RL.
	More DS - NLP, DSP, DIP, GIS, NSW, MAS.
Sume - Discussion with fellow interviewee - How shit works
	silkboard so many freshers - like mumbai for bollywood strugglers so is bangalore for software folks.
		fb group and walkins never miss. day night gfg and stuffs.
		there are no openings for experienced.
	There is something called as walkins for freshers and call-ins for experienced people - this interview for Incred financials was a call-in.
	The system is changing - got siemens but didn't join cuz greed of huawei onsite but seniors there. politics a lot - state based.
		concept of top college recruits and others being contract guys - former get benefits everywhere without hiding.
		work life balance good some outings always happening.
		work is little off. Joined a startup and so much learning - you hold everything what you wanna make it. All new tech exposure but risk on face tells manager that I may get fired or if no deal then I am gonna fire you.
		seniors may have lesser value - like in service based also - if package > 10K, you are vulnerable to market changes.
		service world changing - why still less salary - cuz earlier they could host apps in their own data centers and charge more but with AWS and they also making apps for partners - the competition for them is higher and money for only service and no hosting is lesser - that means again tougher time for them.
		DevOps world - got to learn Jenkins for build, scripting for operations - good learning.
		Extreme weather of rajasthan. cuz of sand - 30% is desert. But high range of tolerance.
Sume - Samsung - SamsungPay
	Copy a graph
	Find sqrt without math library - use secondary school method; try number of digits / 2 ka ceiling and then min and max and keep taking square and finding thru binary search.
	standard terminology questions of analytics related to questions.
	when use svm - when use ensemble bagging boosting.
	bias vs variance.
	Evaluation metrics, confusion matrix, f1 score vs accuracy.
	How number in approval of shopping cart.
	diagram of your OLAP - your contri - in framework, exits came.
	Find sum of verticals - hashmap used.
	write code for template method - feeds from sources in n forms - xml, json, etc - and send to 1 of n channels like fax, sms, email, printer - factory method else observer if to all.
	NoSQL - million records to fetch - rest api - pagination using order by and offset. not offset without order by.
	team size QnA - can't tell reviews. XML vs JSON. AWS u used. hana used not designed. batch vs oltp real time analytics by materialize views.
	Design patterns used in siemens - gap explanation - what did you do in that time. Cap theorem nitty-gritty.
	Your interests - anything rleating to computer science but can't work in all - yes, so data science is what I am really excited about. Infy - dotnet traceability matrix - I don't know about it so forget it.
	Uml diagrams of your choice - not led a team but independent work in Siemens although under team lead.
	Libs in R u have workd on - rclust, tree, for viz? plot - ggplot or ggplot2.
	Ensure no callback - using calling mechanism similar to subnetting - can't call them from outside but they from inside can showing one common number to all.
	Expertise for data science is not enough ; we need seasoned pro - so how can he contribute to our team for vacancy - please show interest - just giving heads up.
	Cleared so 3rd round that it doesn't match specific needs. Talent all there.
	Logistics regression with bad points. Recent work chokes data science prospects. Hadoop no product level usage - abstract RnD kinda work - application saas you are.
	Not closed. Generic answer you give that you are open to all.
		There are opportunities within other groups.
		indicating that you are smart but not interested.
		seasoned expert you are not just newcomer who knows stuff decently well.
		Hadoop program in personal space. If falling short then whatever homework i need to do for data science. Don't do this! make it bet.
	Experience in all - thrill in CS. Doing justice to experience and learning of data science in masters.
	Don't think that I am closed on other fronts but would be great if data science fits the bill.
	Recently what data science - features and olap systems.
	Did you work on time series in olap systems. They are looking for answers to data science questions - not maths of it but roll up of its maths - guidelines and tips, approach and why that approach.
	Think of this as an opportunity to prove yourself as seasoned expert - even if your resume falls short of bet - like calls in that hitherto phase of life - to give it a try.
	Not to inform to all - then observer ain't best choice but factory method - ok.
	Solution to small data problem in big data world - using small file but buffer size u 64 KB - so branch out OR combine small files to make big file & then it's a big data.
Sume - Incred Finance
	"Difficult question" I will ask - Reverse a linked list - in linear space; in constant space. First, it is not a difficult question - it is just has to have seen question.
		actually it is same as linear space only with a hack the previous and next pointed linked lists can be thought of as old and new linked list equivalents of linear space version.
		but since I had not practiced it. If it is fired at once, you can't write it off in 5 mins but practice is so important.
	before interview I was fearful to get selected like with samsung first group cuz I didn't want to lose on DS so I voluntarily messed it by saying that I like DS which those cribby interviewers are known for not liking.
Sume - Levels - mercy - he will adjust, good to have, betting on him, mad for him - want him whatever it takes.
	at least should target 3rd one - betting to have. will be a good util. mad for him means he can lead us - will correct us where we are going wrong.
Sume - Infy - I don't recall exactly but I had a chance of teaching in Infy which I denied cuz although that was attractive that's now how I wanted to end up.
Sume - KM recruitments engineers only but can be others. Some tech knowledge comprehension is required.
	Above average knowledge but QA moved him to on hold - needs discussions - is it development role? that's what you applied for right; is it SCM team - it's across LOB so can't guarantee; 1 round from other LOB is must as part of recruitment.
Sume - Build tool jenkins run by main testing team and forwarded to team to take second look - inf.
Sume - Like buying a car, people want a recruit a strong promise for themselves, bet would be a better word. Not a tryst but a bet or hope for stardom.
Sume - Samsung 2nd group also accepted - another round to decide if some other role can fit us.
Sume
	offset in nosql - order by key offset 10;
	They ask so many questions which are more or less pass throughs but primary QnA focus is in 1 of the streak of questions that they want to hire you for.
		eg - discussed hadoop, olap star schema, but ML few questions not answered - well that was all that mattered.
	DB is choked by calls from application server - cache like redis.
	inconsistent acceptable - like comments in general required; not specific correctness (they don't know the project specifics).
	Financial systems won't use nosql cuz they need ACID properties.
Sume - System design of tiny url - over distributed systems or DB.
	Request Controller, Tiny Converter Controller, URL DAO and URL mapping (old to new and validity), DB.
	CAP - Compromise on partition tolerance is better - consistency no, availability (say when not there vs be in busy wait) - being in busy wait is also ok.
	He indicated u're good but you must hvae got interim review from us - he said in reviews that we will like him to be in some DS team.
Sume - I think of 1 usecase of tinyurl - when I had to give url to students as a professor - this would be easier until I had their emails after 1st iteration. For google forms based quiz.
Sume - Freelancing gotta start - for confidence you can randomly pick projects and try implementing them without commitment in normal mean time independently.
	Next narrative is to become a researcher or RnD guy - FL for eth else. But I target RnD or Labs work. Not just app devp, Platforms devp, Data Science, Data Engg - that all comes under FL or arch or my powers. But primary target is reading papers and writing papers.
Sume - After MTech people do open up for prospects of RnD for you and it is to be harnessed ASAP. Siemens is in my favor.
	my major is AI - that's there.
Sume - IOT narrative - 
	Deadbanding algorithm was great advantage for IOT.
	I made IOT application flexible enough to have listeners assigned to a device - so when a device detects a input - all listeners can be informed.
	In personal space I have used Kafka, stream db in postgres or what don't recall.
	Hadoop and other data analytics skills for analysis of the data being generated - and stored at cloud.
	Attended IOT seminars at college for sensing data from multiple sensors and coding in C for doing something with it - highly crowded by libs and they had made 1 box which came with a set of many sensors so money saver.
	have listened to raspberry pi and arduino microcontroller on youtube so have a good sense of what is done in real world.
Sume - EnY for DS 
	typically heard of that (term, process, etc)?, name the packages, what's that term mean in standard algo (variance and bias), going into thick of things - you are technical person so consultants are like your customers. You have faced customers? Customers are generally abstracted by Product support team. what is solution of high bias, high variance.
	which were the hyperparameters - are you aware of learning over 
	concept of pruning in decision tree; python for ML.
	not aware of deep learning. How decision tree works - tell me terms (data model) and workings of different things in ML or data science (process model).
	looks like all consultants have a data engineer team to guide their customers properly and with confidence and based on maths. So, DS is actively being used in consulting line.
	Basically the expectation is that you should be able to be a teacher of the course when iv goes on.
	his whole attempt was finding out or figuring out the person completely during the course of the time that he had with him. They never want to lose out on somebody - getting a 0.7 talent is better than not having 0.9 talent so this is what we want - have all options open to us and select wisely.
	Project related - what challenges (what all data cleaning did you have to do), what all tools have you had to work with. How does it work in totality.
	Term frequency (TF-IDF) score so NLP. Let me recollect my thoughts or organize my thoughts.
	Will you be available for 2nd round of interview this sunday - surprise cuz many a times I said I didn't know or I don't know but will make an attempt anyway.
	Any feedback - he didn't like expected - little pressing so that if I fall short I would know which area I need to work on for next time with EnY - he said try to get your hands on python as well.
	Next is manager round and not even gonna be taken by him - so some veredict is there that they don't want to waste their time with 2nd round.
		target on statistics, ML, etc.
		terminology of you will be working with, etc was not fake afterall.
		My estimate is that this round should be case study in nature and mild touch with stats and stuffs. Get DM and PM ready for DS/ML.
	You know about random forest - bagging, boosting techs. Yes but didn't do as part of project stay there - just training of decision tree - you know about pruning, stumps with adaboost.
	Limitations and assumptions of linear regression.
	very sparse class for classification what to do - create subclasses over popular class - sampling space should be smartly done. All-vs-One classification - 1 vs others - it may or may not work.
	his veredict must have been this - this guy know stuffs and also has working experience and can contribute well when working hands on and can be seen as a welcome to world of data science with having done work at previous companies - to actively work with us (not just learner but active contributor). But since this guy is not in touch so it is understandable that all the fancy terms that I threw at him, he didn't know them all.
	difference between probability based machine learning and deterministic machine learning - attempt I will make and that was right. Somewhere I also said please correct me if I get anything wrong with my attempt.
Sume - what types of distributions do you know - normal, zipfian, binomial, bernoulli.
Sume - Ernst and Young - 2nd
	Assumptions of linear regression
		what auto-correlation and how is it different from multi-colinearity.
	what other regression models do you know - stepwise, rich and lasso.
	logistics loss function - why sigmoid, what is sigmoid. what does curve look like for trained model - like sigmoid.
	Bias vs variance.
	PCS - LDA, correlation used?, what's the maths.
	Skree plot heard of that.
	eigen vectors and eigen values.
	distributions - binomial vs normal - discrete vs continous - normalized over many records.
		mean = np (rationale), variance = npq.
	probability mass function, probability density function.
	clustering - what is centroid, how to find it.
	tech team + conconsulting - no, it is us who do it all.
	tech + business facing role - informal question - any conflict - no, client is single and not travel but after client change cuz project over then travel.
	always start from now and go backwards not other way around - if you start telling ML journey from college that may mean you did nothing after that.
	Generally they ask all course theory and no problem solving (sometimes home assignments for recruitment) - like which packages can do it kinda questions but that's not elegant; but a little project discussion is possible - how you did data cleaning.
	could not tell how to compute loss function of logistic regression (forgotten) - precisely so explained graphical side of things - why not linear regresssion for classification - we can but won't because...
	they propose wrong assertions and your acceptance is a put off - eg - so does it use correlation? how many dimensions can PCA operate over (2 or 3). 
	Tone - It's more like informal question - does it work well to have to handle both tech and business consulting.
Sume - More like comment - I was amused by this information. I found it interesting. Team size, etc.
Sume - Sync-tech.ai - to be merged.
Sume - FL - make standalone apps or even on premise webapps with functionality, non-functionality and smartness aspects (DS).
	Narrative be an architect like so even in your professional space - be a dependable architect by end of term. After which paper writing phase starts - till then just get intuitions and be ready to be able to do it. Ability to read papers and quickly implement them should be there by the end of the term.
	what about money and accomplishments - every 2-3 is must; 
	right now although RnD is alluring - the narrative just wants you to be good architecturally - able to own product in terms of functionalities, non-functionality and smartness - ability to engage yourself in all the 3 - preferably within work or outside in personal space.
	in the beginning focus on creating separate tools or programs - like 1 program to analyse CSS smartly etc. 1 separate effort to ensure or study the authentication or trying to hack into the system from outside. What are standard practices and how are they being followed. But why so much, man? cuz I love CSLife.
Sume - got a call
	NPhase Energy - microinverter technology - experience in Data Modeling in NoSQL, Data Engg HDP, Polyglot Programming Language, cloud platform in Amazon.
		Polyclot - domain specific language. JAVA, ruby, python, nodeJS.
		product based company - 7th gen product - team into sector - embedded, VLSI, cloud and digital domain (value addition?) - GUI digital group. Data Science, analytics.
		founded in US, NZ, EU - 2 yr back - 200 already in India.
		Are you consulting or NPhase - 3rd party recruiter. Not C-user.
	Polyglot programming is the practice of writing code in multiple languages to capture additional functionality and efficiency not available in a single language. The use of domain specific languages (DSLs) has become a standard practice for enterprise application development.
Sume - Rasmalai - Dasmalai - DS/ML/AI - DSau or DSAI.
Sume - More ideas for Sume
	Project stories - 10 mins each.
	Tool used architecture
	Explain the world and ur hands on it.
	FAQ on I/V.
	Puzzles
	DSA, DP, Other live projects, etc.
	Ready for challenge.
Sume - MTech Projects - Abstract TAG from Sample applicatoins, file format creation syntax, cup parser, OO MVC creation, etc.
	DFS traversal algos for all paths finding; constraint solvers.
	If AI narrative to career then be 1 with it and work ed celebrating it.
	Eg - Make IR approval using ML. Product Category suggestions for Free text item, JS libs, Specify this project as DS project (angle of vision), SD (Software development) is Prayojan and DS (Data Science) is the means.
Sume - outliers in sensor's data - using graphical algo - ML outlier detection, exponentially weighted average instead of 300 previous ones.
Sume - recurring questions to be filled
	ow many years of experience Coding in Python ???? 1.5 yearHow many years of experience in Computer Vision ???? 3 months.How many years of experience in Neural Network / classical algorithm? 1 year.
	Current Location: BangaloreCTC: 10.19Expected: NegotiableNotice: 2 monthsDOB: 25th Jan, 1989Current residential address with pin code: SLS Square,EPIP Zone Whitefield Rd, Phase 2, Brookefield, Bengaluru, Karnataka -560037First Name as per Aadhar Card: SaurabhMiddle Name as per Aadhar Card:Last Name as per Aadhar Card: DevgunEducation information: M.E = 3.21/4 B.E = 7.6/10, 12th = 89.2% , 10th= 84.8%
Sume - Enercon for Data Engg
	Plan - Intro, CV go thru, Job Position, QnA.
	Interested still?
	Data Integrations to wind mills for sensors data reading and persisting - cloud why not; OLAP is planned for aggregated results and ML in future; GIS is involved and meteriology.
	Newly founded team with 4 members. DB - cleansing; processes => Products.
	5th largest turbine manufacturing.
	HOD in Germany; Physics PhD; 3 teams headed - DA and integration; Metereology and wind parameters from customers.
	DS - market analysis; batch b4 this. acads b4 that - physics from Oxford Munich.
	Feedback - Profile is good and wide experience but lacking experience for GIS - other candidates had more experience and so didn't do anything.
Sume - Rexnor - good package. experience for C#, selenium, microsoft, manual testing, functional testing for mobile. Telephonic, skype round and relocate quite a while cuz of COVID. Outside of line and bangalore.
Sume - Authorization management for SIV creation for lease contracts.
	Payment Terms for SIV.
Sume - SRIB - Network team
    1's vs 2's complement.
    Locality of reference advantage with array vs linked list - did you know about this - frankly, i was thinking more like number of Operations but thinking in terms of memory hierarchy, it all makes sense.
    Base station creation by jio - vendor - get data uses flume not kafka.
    Rest api impl vs general. Rest api advantage. Layers of network.
    Java based. Compression algorithm. Data analyst expected. What was samsung problem.
    In Touch with programming - personal space. Sql vs nosql - space vs speed.
    Why 1.5f vs 1.5 during assignment - typecast and value loss.
    No personal data but call drop rate high near that base station.
    Current data analysis done at hq - we need here as well.
    Anything interesting amuses me - innovation challenge so studied the courses as part of it.
    Tell me about samsung programming challenge story - minimise weight but here exact dimensions and along height or width so attempt of bottom up failed which i realised quickly but there was time so did top down approach which worked fine.
    Normal forms purpose - rdbms more time cuz joins and nosql faster but more space by sql cux redundancy allowed.
    Advantages of rest api over other approaches - money source, open source work, plug and play approach of microservices.
    # think how sap uses it even in personal space - paper holder in toilet - only paper is replaced and it's brand new advertisement.
    Yes i implemented rest api in college project and siemens in personal space.
    14 patent and more paper published.
    Analytics team target 100 ppl work here.
    Hacks or tweeks to better systems - sdn for network priority.
    Looking forward to work with you.
    Tell any project of your choice.
    You are ok with working closely with systems.
    How to utilise cloud instance to fullest - those kinda hacks - on top of hypervisor.
    OS development is mostly saturated so not strictly systems, platform to be more precise.
    Tell 1 project that you like the most.
    Told siemens project - feel free to use the board.
    Depending on if things go well and you choose to opt it.
        Previous panel for group involved 2nd tech - so narrative was good tech review by 1st but not by ml guy seasoned pro so 2nd tech 3rd otherwise for a revisit and prospects of some other role
        again good review but not for ml so mgr saw desperation and no specific pivot of interest so dropped idea - they afterall, started off with desire to get a seasoned pro ml guy.
    My email if any questions - Karthikeyan.s@gmail.com
    Question - more like comment that I find it amusing that patents and interest in papers.
    Lte tech.
    You are selected.
    Hr guy will come in some time.
        Other vendors like nokia, ericson, etc for base towers.
    Our presence in us, ui, japan, korea south and now jio.
        User privacy intact - legal compliance - high data speed inflow - millions if records handled by java code so small but robust it is.
        Advantages and limitations of bitwise operators - ever used it - not so much.
    Wait, yes used it to implement DES and AES algorithm.
    Easy multiplication by 2 not by others.
    Keeping track of overflow while shift else wrong answer same like *2 also.
    2's complement to represent number in negative form and adder, subtraction, work seamlessly not so with 1 bit representing sign of number.
Sume - Driving Story. Career Story. Cooking Story. Etc.
Sume - Amazon - Good Algorithmic questions
	Find all substrings of given length that have exactly 1 character repeating and all others are unique.
	Partition a character sequence into partitions s.t a shot in a scene should not appear in the latter part. All shots for a scene are contiguous but to be identified. Eg abca - so 4 shots in 1 scene - abcab - 5 shots, abcabdefe - 5,4 shots
	used hash table for both of the problems. Could have thought of a better approach so a need was triggered for good algorithmic thinking.
	Amazon Questionnaire - scale on 1 to 5 - strongly disagree to strongly agree.
		I am not comfortable working with tight deadlines.
		I can work well under pressure.
		Once I find a solution to a problem I no longer explore alternative approaches.
		I tend to do things at the last minute.
		I enjoy learning new ways to do things.
		I like to see things through to completion.
		I pay attention to details.
		When I try to do something new, I expect to succeed.
		When I encounter something new, I try to completely understand how it works.
		I rarely expect things to turn out as I would like.
		I have received a lot of bad luck in life.
		I set high standards for myself.
		I deserve more good things than I have gotten in life.
		I keep my composure, even when I am under pressure.
		I have a good understanding of my own strengths and weaknesses.
		Other people seem to always have it easier than I do.
		I find it difficult to stay focused on one task for a long time.
		Overall I expect more good things to happen to me than bad.
		When I encounter a setback, the first thing I think about is how I can overcome it.
		I am always prepared.
		I believe that people are generally honest.
		If I had to list everything I felt grateful for, it would be a very long list.
		I readily admit when I am wrong.
		I am optimistic about my future.
		I consider how my actions may affect others.
		I like to solve complex problems.
		I have a difficult time being productive when I am under pressure.
		I tend to plan ahead.
		I find it difficult to get started on a task.
		I notice small details at work that other people miss.
		I sometimes have a hard time understanding someone else's point of view.
		I get annoyed when things are unpredictable.
		I am uncomfortable when given constructive criticism.
		I like to get started on tasks right away.
		There is always something new I can learn.
		Accepting praise for work you did not do.
		Trying to look busy when you are not working.
		Blaming a small mistake on someone else if they will not find out.
		Admitting to making a mistake at work.
		Based on my experience with the assessment, I would encourage others to apply.
		I could see a relationship between the assessment and what is required on the job.
		I experienced technical issues that were disruptive to the assessment experience.
		After taking this assessment, I have a better understanding of what the job is really like.
		I needed more time than the assessment allowed.
		My assessment experience was frustration-free.
Sume - SAP Labs JAVA Intelligent Asset Management on UI5 and bootstrap using microservices architecture.
	why recruited for T1 L1 when you had so much experience - yes, this was escalated but SAP refused that that's what they had in mind during time of recruitment.
	so much in resume so any innovation - yes ML on SIV Images and we were given award for the same as part of implementing that feature.
	Didn't say it but my ML on Shopping Cart Implementation was used as sales pitch by the management so yes, it has made difference all the while.
	What about you front end experience - all UI5 encapsulated by the UIDesigner tool and exit scripts in JS but I have experience debugging them when data doesn't make it to back end at runtime. Also I have experience with Vue, React, Angular on front end side so changing frameworks is not a big deal for me.
	Microservices, bootstrap, JAVA - Micro is a small thing but for other techs - well front end and back end so many techs that it's not a problem for me at all.
	JAVA language of preference but is it also strength - I have followed it till version 7 - Interview arranged - assess on JAVA. UI Frameworks experience - assess on 
Sume - BYD - Debugging to find problems and compare and becoming expert at it really.
Sume - BYD Express FIN pack - call it under BYD. It was planned as part of POC for china but didn't deliver on sales as promised so closed cuz of lacking incentives.
Sume - DSau-sme - Devgun Saurabh, SME, Dasausmi, DS AI Smart Story Mining Enterprise.
Sume - Narrative - BYD (normal and express) on SRM, NSME on FIN (think different project/program) - reorg; different tech stack. SAP level all ERP and TRL, etc cuz PI with other DU. For journey ahead plan something interesting.
	with NSME - POC with SRM and ML, worked on Reuse classes (hierarchy idea proposed in beginning), Biz Logic artifacts with debugging BAF, UI Migrations with exit classes and alignment with BAF. BYD for CDT both support.
Sume - SAP IOT BigData Team -
	I was asked to have a call at 4 - skipping sync meeting and won't be able to focus and do my work so asked to have the meeting instantly - I really respect my work (Bhakti) and dhyan during the sessions.
	First Interview - JAVA implementation on find pairs with elements in the array - Brute, Quicksort, Hash Table, JAVA Implementation (use set instead of map); problem of map get returns -1 or null; Questions from resume; NoSQL Cassandra Fault Tolerance - out of mind, task was to compare them, spark shell - scala commands; DB - write left outer join on student DB with no marks entries. Name class so alias dot notation is important. For DSA discussion, I used paints to showcase my ideas.
	Extending an offer - no second round involved - he talked about my current work I told about BYD, NSME and product features but he wanted to know team - so SRM.
		Have you worked with REST API - yes both consuming like from Leonardo and exposing in Siemens and personal space.
		What about your experience with front end - for UI5, other teams write exit code and we have tools to create front end screens out of the box; when it doesn't work we must debug the exit code.
		He will extend an offer based on which I will have discussions with the manager and negotiate on the joining date.
		1st of the month joining is possible he said. So prefer 1st of Sept and if not, then 1st Oct we will fix - depending on how much handover is required.
	Got a formal mail
		reply with your acceptance to this Offer.
		Post acceptance, please connect with your manager on the transition timelines and get back to us with a confirmed transfer date.
	Lapse - didn't ask about work.
		the role is for developer . we work on bigdata stack, which deals with Timeseries data.
		Data ingestion using spark jobs. Kafka topics from IOT devices abstracted - AWS -> moving to Azure now. Hardstore to coldstore to file store - ownership of code from end to end - starting from dev, testing, integration tests and production (not in kubernetes but multiple things there - perhaps encapsulated). IOT channels - we create new data channels. Time series - averaging, maximum, etc.
		Kibana for logs, etc.
	Impact - surprised you never mentioned before - this happened in short time, I had mentioned right that I was interested in analytics related work and here is the option to leverage those techs so project is to my interest.
		You will need to give me time - sure Madam, when can we talk, how much time and why so that we can align and involve other manager in the discussion.
	Decision spurred by what triggers - 
		primary cause has been the new technologies that I will get to work on as part of my analytics. What if I could give you in BYD - well, I don't think big data techs are possible in BYD. That's what I wanted to know. Have you already accepted the offer - yes I have (loose hole)
		Did you notice - asking the same question with different tones to extract information - what the real cause of leaving is.
		1 can not hope to find better manager and team members but yes things were anyways moving towards stabilization. Early days there used to be problems but not anymore.
			after Sunil B left of course, there was going to be some phase for stabilization for improvement, that's natural evolution but that's not a problem.
	Transfer only on 1st of the month - He wanted me to check if it could be done on 1st sept - no, I think it will be possible only 1st oct. So, that's bargain.
	https://performancemanager5.successfactors.eu/sf/invitetoapply?jobId=258614&candId=1969393&company=SAP&st=D9DC295821DD29BC9B2224054399EECFEAEA7192&_s.crb=mP7JY%252bG5HKeacw8wWcM3rzL8ZfDf4dojspm90GLYqmc%253d#sfPanelHeaderAnchor_14_
Sume - SAP Labs - Intelligent Asset Management
	Current Work - Importance of typescript, Tell me about event loop in Node, Process of starting a project in typescript. Which web server and application server before and now.
		how multiple users are respected in node world vs java world. How front end and back end interact - thru https and not rest based. Not ODATA also - but we have OData support in our product. How does node do it - internally thru queue mechanism.
	Write SQL query
		User logged language - de. And germal available in german in description then return if not available, fallback to en. If both first of available language should be returned. 3rd fallback.
		Object latest version should be returned.
		Sample response for reference.
		Select ID, version, short, long
			from object O
			LEFT OUTER JOIN Description D
			ON O.ID = D.ID
			WHERE D.language = 'de'
		CDS views, calculation. Use inner query hint.
			select id, version, short, long
			from Object O1 where
				version =
			(select max(version)
				from description
				where version = O1.ID
				having version = max(version))
	JAVA
		Singleton class
		static variables. using in multithreaded environment.
		Collections - set, maps, 
		hashmap -> vs hashset - a set of elements vs dictionary of key value pairs.
		hashmap vs treemap - time complexity for operations will be different cuz of data structures. Sorted treemap - uses red black trees internally. Ok, thanks.
	Any Questions - Use cases, techs, work -> 
		position in intelligent asset managment. suite of products - health monitoring, optimized maintenance - simple generator, pump - all these are assets - model them and multiple strategies to manage them. Reduced cost for them. SCM logistics?
		Data coming from sensors and ML on that. Role point of view - JAVA developer, full stack developer, scrum process, sprint planning, quarterly releases, live systems. Individual contributor. Strategy and performance.
		Techs - backend java, small things in NodeJS and spring based, UI5.
		ML is different product not ours - but it uses R there. Different product. Role - multiple hiring so not sure.
		Do you have experience working on spring framework - yes I have experience working on top of it but implementation was already in place and I had to write things on top of already existing so not a lot but some experience is there.
Sume - SAP Good bye to current team - Is there any problem with team or me as PO - primary reason. stabilizing but evolution - latest techs. Roadmap going forward in BYD - UI Migration. Plans might change - don't know for sure. Not till 2021. I respect your decision for that. why now and not before? Team members - get along well with eb. Expecting something and didn't get what you didn't deserve - extract something. Lots of things changing - did it depress. PD framework to be moved - interesting topics and latest techs - TS and NodeJS. Not that there is no vision. Board backing it. Only product going to hyperscalers - kubernetes world. Config and small changes. Startup mode. Adapt quickly to changes. No concerns. Exploratory navigation not escape route. Something missed from your ask - not really. Lots of appreciation not complaints. Take me as senior not PO while telling this. Courses and helping - unaddressed concern - take trainings and implement with efforts to be given. Yes you can do that in BYD also. I can give SRM POC for your learning curve. Head on work seems more exciting to me - career aspirations to me - good visibility for work you will do here in hierarchy. You are assets to team and addressing problems I appreciate - you address things or dig deep into things - useful for any person - SIV topics on some aspects - those things really existed and told about them. Yes, I cherish my time here. PO POC here problem - that's not the case. Think about all these things and get back and can rollback - some ppl have done it this way, repented and came back and avoid hasty decisions. Give it a thought over weekend. Judgments revisit. your career and your path and where we are headed. passion and all that - compromises and I can help you out in career aspirations. sometimes harshly I spoke to you - not eth I can do right and other things to cater and can only help you in moving further. Conversations where they have gone to extremes - deep dives and arguments - sportively you take. You don't mix personal and professional.
Sume - SAP labs - Powerful resume it has practically everything mentioned that you have worked on so many things.
Sume - Plan - Full stack data scientist
	Front end - Tableau, Excel, D3.js, R visualizations types, R Shiny, REST API exposed services (GET, POST, PUT) - Presentation Controller for consumers or UI supports.
	Back end Logic - REST Request Response, Training, Core DA Efforts - stats and ML. Hadoop Analytics. Streaming Support.
		DSA for smartness.
	Back end Persistence - Model saving CRUD, NoSQL CRUD, HDFS read/ write. Scraping, REST retrievals. DB Pulls.
	More - all stack levels most of the times don't form a continuum but are taken up separately but like for streaming services, there may be a need for continuum sometimes.
Sume - Siemens organized view of my work.
	Client - API consumer for best execution engine.
		Redirection provider - not implemented.
		Analytics for Learning
			Hadoop health check - consuming and exposing REST API from UI client.
			Data Collection or creation - TPCDS Queries (adaptation for drill) run thru different tools (design patterns) and metrics collection from REST and scraping.
			ML - Regression vs Classification.
	Client - Best NoSQL for storage.
		CLI Shell like support for the end users to compare across engines - extensible with more engines with minor configurations in property files.
			Excel for presentation and comparison.
		Means follow
		compression techniques.
		data generation simulation following different patterns (normal, zipfian, random) for different data types.
		Deadbanding algorithm.
		multithreading and usage of semaphores.
		Data aggregation program written for querying data that's not supported.
	Client - New application for IOT - made an architecture diagram for a start.
Sume - BYD - GDPR LXP, CDT feature extension, Authorization for Creating SIV from LC (filtered from company, supplier etc), OneChina Adoption (why not all xml files updated from 1 place), SIS from PO that exist in system, Product category without Product adoption not allowed. 
	FIN UI Screens on NSME framework - lots of ABAP (exit class, call delegation, abap utils), JS Debugging, Tools - UI Designer and Test shell on UI, postgres DB SQL, etc. BO Creation - TS files, BO Files; Service Classes' Business Logics writing and debugging. ML on this system.
	BYD to SME China - PO to SIV on same screen.
	About - some of these tasks are feature improvements and not feature development - feature improvement comes under L3 maintenance or L4 improvement (even improvement is like development only).
Sume - was given proposal to work for finnacle in Infy but I didn't have plans. Even once had foreign chance but didn't go forward. Research chance in SAP, IIITB, etc.
Sume - SQ
	SQ - courses - lotus voice, EBG, DYS, Camps, Sphurti, Ashrya, Nishtha, Bhakti Shastri, ISKCON Disciple Course, Voice Gurukul.
	SQ - Weight lifting sevas, cylinder, refill seva, prasadam serving, subji cutting, cooking, backup seva, milk boiling.
Sume - JD for Data Scientist
	Bachelors or Masters in a quantitative field (such as Engineering, Statistics, Math, Economics, or Computer Science with Modeling/Data Science), preferably with work experience of over [X] years.
	Ability to program in any high level language is required. Familiarity with R and statistical packages are preferred.
	Proven problem solving and debugging skills.
	Familiar with database technologies and tools (SQL/R/SAS/JMP etc.), data warehousing, transformation and processing. Work experience with real data for customer insights, business and market analysis will be advantageous.
	Experience with text analytics, data mining and social media analytics.
	Statistical knowledge in standard techniques: Logistic Regression, Classification models, Cluster Analysis, Neural Networks, Random Forests, Ensembles, etc.
Sume - RnD key terms - Protocols, DSA, Maths (proofs or derivations), OOAD or DP[, Data Model, Process Model]
Sume - ID Card cascade in reverse - revealing the hieararchy of work - Siemens / IN (India) / ADM - Advanced Data Mangement / BAM - some vertical under which RnD (?Building Automation) / RDA - Research and Development ?Admin / CT (?Control)
Sume - merc pharma top 10 in eu - scm analytics reporting front end tools like tableau, R, python, etc.
Sume - SocialErp - Amritsar
	Amritsar to
		to Kanyakumari
		to Haridwar.
		to Udhampur thru
			...
		From Udhampur to
			Gulmarg thru
				Ramban - Batot.
				Anantnag
				Pulwama
				Budgam
				Srinagar - Jhelum
				Gulmarg - Baramulla
			Jammu (Tawi is tributary of Chenab) to
				Katra (Reasi)
				Rajouri, Poonch (Friends)
			Leh Ladakh thru
				Kurd, Mantalai, Kud, Patnitop, Batote, Doda, Kishtavad, Kargil, Leh Ladakh.
		to Jamshedpur or Tatanagar thru
			JnK
				Jammu Tawi (JAT)
				Samba (SMBX)
				Hira Nagar (HRNR)
				Kathua (KTHU)
			Punjab
				Pathankot (PTK)
				Dina Nagar (DNN)
				Gurdaspur (GSP)
				Dhariwal (DHW)
				Batala Junction (BAT)
				Amritsar Junction (ASR)
				Jandiala (JNL)
				Beas (BEAS)
				Jalandhar City (JUC)
				Jalandhar Cant (JRC)
				Phagwara Junction (PGW)
				Phillaur Junction (PHR)
				Ludhiana Junction (LDH)
				Rajpura Junction (RPJ)
				Ambala City (UBC)
				Ambala Cant Junction (UMB)
			Haryana
				Shahbad Marknda (SHDM)
				Kurukshetra Junction (KKDE)
				Karnal (KUN)
				Panipat Junction (PNP)
				Sonipat (SNP)
				Subzi Mandi (SZM)
				Delhi (DLI)
			UP
				Ghaziabad (GZB)
					Chola (CHL)
				Khurja Junction (KRJ) - Bulandshahar
				Aligarh Junction (ALJN)
				Hathras Junction (HRS)
				Jalesar Road (JLS) - Etah
					Tundla Junction (TDL)
				Firozabad (FZD)
					4 Junction (SKB)
				Etawah (ETW)
					Bharthana (BNT)
				Phaphund (PHD) - Auraiya
				Jhinjhak (JJK) - Kanpur Dehat
					Rura (RURA)
					Panki (PNK)
				Kanpur Central (CNB)
				Fatehpur (FTP)
				Allahabad Junction (ALD) - Prayagraj
					Meja Road (MJA)
				Vindhyachal (BDL) - Mirzapur
					Mirzapur (MZP)
					Chunar (CAR)
				Roberts Ganj (RBGJ) - Sonbhadra
					Churk (CUK)
					Chopan (CPU)
					Renukut (RNQ)
					Duddhinagar (DXN)
					Wyndhamganj (WDM)
					Nagar Untari (NUQ)
			Jharkhand
				Garhwa (GHQ)
					Garwa Road (GHD)
				Daltonganj (DTO) - Palamu
				Barwadih Junction (BRWD) - Latehar
					Latehar (LTHR)
					Tori (TORI)
				Khalari (KLRE) - Ranchi
				Patratu (PTRU) - Ramgarh
					Barka Kana (BRKA)
					Ramgarh Cant (RMT)
				Muri (MURI) - Ranchi
					Tatisilwai (TIS)
					Namkon (NKM)
					Ranchi (RNC)
				Chandil Junction (CNI) - Saraikela
				Tatanagar Junction (TATA) - East Singhbhum.
				Another route to Rourkela thru hatia - from Muri.
					Hatia (HTE)
					Govindpur Road (GBX)
					Pokla (PKF)
					Bano (BANO)
					Orga (ORGA)
					Rourkela (ROU)
			More - SE, Saraikella, Ranchi division, Ramgarh, (Bokaro, Dhanbad, Jamtara on east separate)
		From JSR to
			to Kolkata
				Jamshedpur (East Singhbhum)
				Kharagpur (Mednipur) - Ghatshila, Baharagora.
					Hugli - 
					Nadia - Mayapur.
				Howrah - Kolkata.
					Debra, Bagnan.
				Howrah (santragachi very close)
			to Jagannath Puri
				!Rourkela
				Kharagpur
					Balasore
					Bhadrakh
					Jajpur
				Cuttack
				Bhubaneshwar (Khurda) - Sakshi Gopal.
				Puri
		To Pune thru
			Punjab
				Amritsar Jn - ASR
				Beas - BEAS
				Jalandhar City - JUC
				Jalandhar Cant - JRC
				Phagwara Jn - PGW
				Ludhiana Jn - LDH
				Ambala Cant Jn - UMB
			Haryana
				Jagadhri - JUD
			UP
				Saharanpur - SRE
				Muzaffarnagar - MOZ
				Meerut Cant - MUT
					Meerut City - MTC
				Ghaziabad - GZB
				[H Nizamuddin - NZM
				Faridabad - FDB]
				Mathura Jn - MTJ
			Rajasthan
				Bharatpur Jn - BTE
					Bayana Jn - BXN
				Hindaun City - HAN - Karuali.
					Shri Mahavirji - SMBJ
				Gangapur City - GGC - Sawai Madhopur
					Sawai Madhopur - SWM
				Kota Jn - KOTA
				Bhawani Mandi - BWM - Jhalawar
			MP
				Shamgarh - SGZ - Mandsaur
				Nagda Jn - NAD - Ujjain
				Ratlam Jn - RTM
				Meghnagar - MGN - Jhabua.
			Gujarat
				Dahod - DHD
				Godhra Jn - GDA
				Vadodara Jn - BRC
				Surat - ST
			Maharashtra
				Mumbai
					Borivali - BVI
					Dadar - DDR
					Mumbai Central - BCT
				Pune Train ...
		Pune to
			Some - Satara, Sangli, Kolhapur, Amravati, Akola, Latur, Nagpur.
			To Mumbai - Pune, Khandala, Lonavala, Thane, Mumbai.
			To Nashik - Ahmadnagar, Nashik.
			To Ujjain / Indore
				Maharashtra
					Pune
						Chinchvad - CCH
						Lonavala - LNL
					Panvel - PNVL - Raigad.
					Vasai Road - BSR - Thane	
					Boisar - BOR - Palghar
				Gujarat
					Vapi - VAPI - Valsad
						Valsad - BL
					Surat - ST
					Bharuch Jn - BH
					Vadodara Jn - BRC
					Godhra Jn - GDA - Panchmahal
					Dahod - DHD
				MP
					Ratlam Jn - RTM
					Nagda Jn - NAD
					Ujjain Jn - UJN - within.
					Indore - within.
			To Jamshedpur thru ...
			To Jagannath Puri thru...
			To 
			To Mathrua thru...
			To Gulbarga thru...
		To Bangalore thru - once for Surabhi didi to IIT Madras and once for reverse trip to Amritsar.
			...
		From Bangalore to
			to Coorg / Mysore thru
				Bangalore
				Ram Nagara
				Mandya (Sri Rangapatna)
				Mysore - within.
				Kodagu (Coorg) - within.
				Some - Hassan, Belgaum, Tumkur, Gulbarga, Chikmanglur
			To Goa
				...
			To Mahabalipuram
				...
			To Nowhere
		To Kolkata thru.
		To Nangal thru.
		To Ghazibad thru.
	5 rivers
		Satluj - Bhakra Nangal Dam.
		Beas - merges into Satluj.
		Ravi - Amritsar, pathankot and Gurdaspur.
		Chenab - Kishtavad Dams, Doda, Ramban (Batot), Reasi.
		Jhelum - Srinagar but almost all the districts.
Sume - PersonalErp - NFP
	Pattern - Chewing the chewed - same substance different forms (flavors). Always disliked it => did sth about it. Evolution of Anarth Nivritti standardization.
	Photographs. Keep it sizzling at home. gulmarg traveller. Press based. Explore and flush!
	Modeling, Waterworld. Titanic. 2 sec break. Relatives. Depress. Yoga! Peer Baba!
	Biology book - parallel processing, Terrace. Murder movie. Sneak peak. Fantasmagoria in buses. Britney preg. Jism movie. 
	Dictionary Pix. Discs introduced. Internet GPRS - Sword. Looking for a differentiator; Prayers!
	BA / BP butterfly. Top 100. n ppl club. while Bath. Monica Belucci. Movies - Devil's advocate. Stiletto Dance. Touch with a trick. Cup them. Dreamers. Hand maneuver. Choosing VOICE again with perseverence! Fever and Sobs with heart pain of separation! Tablets from doctor and Patanjali! Self Chain Beating! Altar! Itch over the body! Fever on drinking!
	Mirror view. Body Paint revisited. Sandwich. Choosing a right place Pune!
	Horse ride and google ideas. Top actors. Don't spit here. Under the surface shit. Choosing bugs over shit! CCP Lectures! BGP Lecture in spite of dejection!
	Reading shit. Indian intro. GOT sneak peaks. Tossing. Movie Clips. NFP Club PMO! Yoga and Gym and revelation with suggestions from him!
	GOT. True Detective. Vimeo - Mermaids, calendar, Duval Street. in the snow. Braindead. LStory3. 70s and countries - brother charlie. Funny NPranks! Walk! Prayaschit! Yoga! Omkar hours! No I/N Access - Reward Punishment!
	YT - bashful cute BP; Spartacus. Engg Drawing different views. Amateurs on smartphone with google autosuggestion; Hollywood best. Hula Hooper. Extra work! Streamlining knowledge starts!
		Types - 2,3; colors; OON, NFCM, CFNM, ENF. They like it so Take it for granted.
	Standardized dott practices. Contra sandwich. Systematic study of making and practice.! Standardized set up for evolution! Ayurved, Yoga, NFP! Counters - Positives > Negatives.
	Dimunition phase - Think of it as face and like stereotypical face is used to invoke attraction (but it's not cuz of different biological results)
		Curiosity that I didn't act on - SQ - NFP - Soap, scrubbing, mirror, bird, butterfly. Songs. onoc unlike oon, jalidar or transparent.
Sume - SocialErp - Amritsar - Drive to Golden Temple, Ramteerth, ISKCON, Durgyana Temple, Fort Gobindgarh, etc.
Sume - Generation - bauji was a topper with first division in metric but lack of exposure so solved maths problem for a student at shambhunath's child instead of bro so eventually would work there and so would papaji although MSc gold medalist but why doesn't your son join us. Bauji's father earlier free bird cuz early age loss - his chachaji adopted him as bachelor (cuz of bhrun hatya problem prevalent in society, dai would choke the girls) and got him to be a sahukar. Jamindar Brahmins otherwise. No messing around - couldn't say that let baraat leave early - I never asked anything from God but 7 days I ask and would love exactly those many days. Sarasvat brahmin from both sides, Kaushal and angrish gotra from either side - making me from Kaushal.
Sume - Vishesh Leaves the team - bored with software devp it's same repetitive and would do business or MS GRE applicable for 5 years thinking Data Science and not software anymore
	Can we do anything to retain you - in different team if not this team. You got another offer like it's normal.
Sume - Etherium based Project - Leadest.pro Startup - Lead Generation program
	51% goes to the development pool that is locked for three years (unlocked with equal parts each month)
	39% goes to the founders of the project. Locked for three years (unlocked with equal parts each month)
	10% - Liquidity reward pool on Uniswap. Trade our pool to get free tokens.
	10% commision of the service from all stakes
	Trustless - Ethereum wallet to start - no trust involved.
	Permissionless - settlement of the quotes are made on Ethereum smart contracts with a public oracle - Chainlink
Sume - School Sport events - Cricket, Chess, Athletics, TT margin, Badminton play with national, Basketball vacancy but intermediate but topped in SAP BYD competition.
Sume - SocialErp - FFL marketing, polythene awareness, scout and guide, drama etc. Personal services like guidance to others.
Sume - Mockito in JUnit.
Sume - Udemy spark streaming in python done.
	Kafka from learning journal.
	Hello world Coding for all.
	Java brains - spring aop done.
	Springboot microservices going on (vs LinkedIn microservices course - not spring), spring beans , security already done, spring data support not done, ide course YouTube.
Sume - Todo - Make a relp chart with other ppl's projects and personality or defining traits listed.
SQ - Spirituality - SB
	pravritti - DAKM - M. Most ppl - for gradual purification and liberation eventually.
		you do sth you get expectations very natural 
		like 4 kumaras choice made Brahma angry.
			purpose of brahma was procreate and prepared for the godhead.
			angry cuz he lost sight of ultimate goal cuz occupied by immediate goal. That's problem.
			@always busy counteracting waves but eyes fixed on shore reaching.
			can't stop reversals, diff, temptations, probs, etc - rather than becoming broken down and afraid of them 
			understand mat world in dangerous position. Eg - Prahlad M, Pandavas, etc.
			great souls had dangers so not think high of ourselves.
		likewise daksha also angry on leaving material world.
			narad different ideology - different focus - return to godhead.
			spoke logically nature of world, spiritual world and god and gave analogies and said you think about it. They thought and became paramhamsas.
			glory of daksha - w/o controlling mind should not enter grihastashram so sent those 1000 boys also to godhead.
			this time he produced only daughters and procreation went on but vengeance remained.
			narad went to a person angry with him - why? - to deliver him - he angry, me humble, he surrenders, listens and godhead.
			think I am attached? as long as jiva has not experienced material world - telling it's sharp glass people don't understand so realize dangerous and playing with fire and will give up.
				cuz natural inclination is pravritti
				even if they fall no loss said narad once to vyas dev.
					if not mature DS and falls down - what is loss?
					10 years of DS and then wasted could have gone high - golden record of bhakti sukriti.
					SP - 20 years of life should be given to DS. cuz 50-70 age he says.
						imagine 25-45 - is there difference or no difference? prime of youth given to Krishna.
						what about his material life - nothing permanent that's sacked.
				puranjan - attacked by gandharvas and gandharvis. jara. 
				narad denied jara - can't marry cuz I gotta stay young and healthy to serve Krishna.
				jara, yavanvega, chhandavega (time), prajvar all attack a person.
				overaccumulation desire then overdependence on others (like karmis)
				very opulent - how long, how much - can't eat more chapattis - not that enjoy ability increases (!??)
				e1 is watchman - watch, leave and go - not the proprietor; property remains Krishna's.
				children invest in KC - impressions stay very strong - even if worldly influence spoilt - droplets of honey will come back.
			you are asadhu  - I accept - so daksha taken aback. curse of no home cuz home is dear to grihastas. atmavat manyate jagat.
			hit on wall - not that's like hitting on my heart - then suspend in air.
			narad says I never stay in 1 place. God has gifted me vina and busy travel and preach.
			how is curse seen by devs - yamalarjuna trees no apsara notices like before.
				repeatedly repentence - repentance and penance (of remembering Krishna) are preparation for God.
				Narad's curse also blessing in disguise. They also got touch of Krishna during hide and seek with boyfriends.
				deer went to pulahashram - stay in birthplace identification with body more; where KC was born, identification with soul more, so forth.
				go to birthplace - material relatives - mother tongue, old movies, games - haha, hehe hoho and time is gone.
				learn to adjust with those with different mindset - 1K people. Bharat M also ended pulahashram cuz of same reason - never associated with devs cuz another fall down and distance association. continuously cried tears.
				heart cleansed by such genuine tears.
			Krishna didn't give human body to bharat - foolishness cuz deer's consciousness was higher than human. people see superficially and not inside story.
			if deprivation saves you from maya, you should be happy. Eg no smartphone kindness - you are missing suffering.
			daksha thought depriving shiva of share in ahuti - no, thanks less admin, more KC - like Krishnanand Pr.
			Duryodhan speaking to elder uncle with such humiliation - karna baan - arrows to ears. driven by passion - drunkard's words can't be taken seriously.
			given up all politics and went for pilgrimage - in middle of politics bhishma didn't go away. akrura didn't. so can't politics, climate - not KC cuz of heat - no such external reasons.
			negativity around - think about them then drown - vs I have to be more cautious.
	nivritti - DAKM - DAK.
SQ - Spirituality - SB Vritrasur
	asur suffix but greatest of mahabhagavat.
	servant of servant idea hasn't come from LCM - only popularized.
		SUP dasanudaso bhavitasmi bhuyah.
	defending - fear very powerful force makes us do things.
		celibates marry cuz of loneliness fear.
		old age fear or appear old.
		insurance industry - so willingness to pay.
		fear in DS - arto
		fear of acceptance - friends may say what's wrong with him - ridicule, non-belongingness.
			so strong convictions so that not swayed by public opinions.
		fear of not able to maintain standards - healthy fear.
			SP - my fear that devotees are not sufficiently scared of maya.
			fear of vaishnava aparadh cuz of falling
		fear of taking hot clothes in cold countries.
		mela - fear of getting lost so catches father strongly.
		Christ - follow the steps and not behind (following in footsteps) - past left behind and no regrets.
			not even side ways - material world is attractive - it is alternative of spirituality so why not - so artificial ashray or shelter.
			1 shake of eye brow can shake a person - we don't need asparas to distract us.
			material world offers aakarshan but no ashray.
			saubharya - aakarshan and go away with hope of finding ashray.
				king can't say no - well fortune but let daughters decide. daughters went yuck. so reset mode and most handsome 6 pecs and marriage.
			SUP prahlad M - durashray. bahir artha maninah.
				draupadi shelter, pandavas shelter. Krishna is famous as giver of ultimate shelter.
			SP praying to Krishna - I should not fall to maya - imagine giver to e1 KC and fear - healthy fear.
			1 ear for Krishna SB so attraction. another ear for material world duhkhalayam ashashvatam - best combination.
			boy and girl attraction - develops thru spending time together
		SP presented pessimistic view of material world - to discourage people from trying to find pleasure in phantasmagoria.
		skin is humility protecting soul propensities - like skin of fruit protects from oxidation
SQ - Spirituality - SB - Discussion Nesting
	Suta and sages (Canto 1-12) - stories of MB.
		Sukadev G and Parikshit M (Canto 2-12)
SQ - Spirituality - Recall VOICE lecture saying that 
	Morning good for spirituality cuz mind in MOG (Spirituality)
	Afternoon good for career cuz mind in MOP (Varna)
	Evening good for life cuz mind in MOI (Ashram)
SQ - Spirituality - Syntax (Spirituality)
	eb informed for next day last rites.
	4 days BG self study and afsos which continues till 11th day.
	Garuda Purana Paath for 4th-11th day and then just forget it all - no mention at all.
SQ - Spirituality - infatuation problem
	any object of grat, tends to drag the self (level specific) to it.
	if you have passion for a higher layer then that can safeguard you by param drishtva nivartante, otherwise, can't deny attraction to them.
SQ - Spirituality - Studying the layers of existence
	Devoted - TME, Pran (Life/ Time, Vigor, Energy, Power), Artha (Money, Resources), Dhiya (Intelligence, Challenges), Vacha (Talk, Discussions)
	Ego - Gradient Descent - what do you do in after cost function? you make necessary changes - by devoting TME, etc. Values and Beliefs drive the show.
		after every cost evaluation you (take TME for granted (higher layer)) identify the specific intellectual weakness and strengths and focus on solving more of those problems to be able to standardize them - thereby converting them into ego.
		vocab - Attain (not achieve), recognition, yash, etc.
	Intellect - it is an instance of ego or identity. In role or ego, you can be standardized or assumed to be able to handle a situation.
	Prayojan vocab at different layers 
		About
			similar words for prayojan state for different layers 
			all of the following involve some intellectual investments but reward is of that layer.
			also are included the words for pleasure (etymology - to satisfy) at different layers of existence.
		Spirit - Bliss, Ecstasy.
		Ego - attain (prapti, etymology - to touch ; focus on quality, ?state), be; happiness (pursuit of happiness movie)
			happiness etymology - lucky, favored by fortune, being in advantageous circumstances, prosperous; of events, "turning out well"
		Intellect - achieve (etymology - to complete successfully; focus on quantity), encouraged, enthusiasm (utsah) get, thrilled, exhileration (to make cheerful)
		Mental - gained (like obtained, upward progress), ?obtain (effort => ownership), feeling, khushi/ pleasure, fun, satisfaction, ?have
		Bodily - acquire (less goal oriented), sense object, excitement/ mazaa (uttejana), stimulate, titillate, arouse
	Abhidhyeya vocab - 
		mind - choice, thinking
		intellect - determination, discrimination
		Identity/Role/Ego - decision (nishchay, nothing else), discipline (scheduling, routine design, perseverence, grit), patience.
		Love => Devotion and Service (TME)
		maybe these are all vectors - 1 ensures correct direction and another ensures magnitude.
	like other things even the success and failure at intellectual layer are not 0 xor 1 but a real number between them - that's what gives cost for higher layer every time you pick a challenge.
	Composition
		Spirit - Sat, Cit, Ananda
		Subtle
			Ego
			Intellect
			Mind
		Gross
			Actuators
			Sensors
			substratum - Earth, water, fire, air, ether; organ system, etc.
SQ - Spirituality - Grat objects - Every instance is a training.
	S - Vaasna = ghar kar jaana = identification (aggregation) with a relationship (very deep rooted and strong)
	A - Vritti - tendencies - tend to repeat the set of steps to elicit the pleasure experienced before.
	P - Sanskar - the impressions on the mind - the pleasure tag (0 to 1 scale of subjective awesomeness) put on the object for gratification.
	Advertised starts creating sanskars -> try it out once creates vritti cuz pleasure experience => experience creates impression in the mind with tag of pleasure. 
		And the relationship with the object grows in the false ego.
		Vritti is easiest to address by starving it and sanskars by offering substitutes.
	solution to existing Vaasna - 
SQ - Spirituality - Yoga - KY
	there's no end to arguments - I disagree. "There is" if the end result is known to the parties. If not known then for entertainment any argument can be twisted in any direction wasting TME.
	1 senior colleague of mine also said the same thing that no compromise on work but if slowed down by something or at a certain stage then take full stand of it - what is the roadblock. If it needs to be decommitted in worst case. Whom I contacted. What approaches I have tried. There is so much to talk about.
	don't agree with everyone. I don't like I disagreed; maybe after 1-2 days of deliberation you may agree in certain perspective. Somebody makes a claim for a reason so blind denial is not in your favor. You have a right to disagree if it doesn't sync with your beliefs and values but once you realize its worth then say thanks. That's scientific aptitude to question an assertion validity but humility to follow the trace no matter what.
	Scientist should be willing to disprove his own theory - that's the spirit required. It takes humility and empathy to learn from others else in pretext of considering your current knowledge as all in all - in that state of pride you lose the opportunity to grow further. So, humility is necessary for growth.
	Practice makes a man perfect - not just intellectually but also in ego - all judges were excellent lawyers b4 - experience matters - ego is nourished by intellectually challenges - new instance or task is a new way of thinking - even if it is not you will another opportunity to see it differently. So never hesitate or refrain from work - oh, somebody's extricating work outta me - well, that's what I live for like Abdul Kalam and sages of the past - take work outta me - let metrics take the shape it needs to; when you get stuck with some roadblock it needs to be solved; no matter what. So, practice (even repetitive) helps growth (evolution)
	Be so much timebound that seeing you people should set their watches. 1 odd day is enough to change the impression. Of course, we don't do it for them. We do it for ourselves. It's all about you start expecting this from yourself. If you had to stretch it for a day. Well that must be because you started a topic that had to stretch its boundaries b4 it could reach checkpoint (mind it - not finish line but checkpoint). We should be accomodative to that stretch and not punish the genre cuz of that stretch. And of course, this aspect IQ should be accomodative to others as well so stretch on these will also be accepted by IQ (like informing colleagues that you would be late that day).
	higher one goes, the worse is the fall and so you should not be very sensitive to MOP. Cultivation of spirituality is so important that if you are too excited (self centeredness) with grat of any layer, you should be aware the opposite feelings will come for denial of that layer. Rebellion against Krishna when being denied on that layer because we think we are worthy of that grat all the time (greed).
SQ - Spirituality - why temple - you may not value it but those who do will like to subscribe to it and support it thru their donations.
	value it why? for their purposes. What purposes - cultivating love for god. philosophical discussion on how to be most happy. Sage type discussions on why unhappy and how to attain happiness - what attitudes are problems and practising the outcomes of research or established principles.
	the place dedicated to research and practice of soul or spiritual realm and cherish the relish of that realm. Why not place dedicated to that. Your room section - then why not study phd in your room or if segregated that's like extension of main university that we set up.
	place to do Yoga together - gym can be done alone but why join forums - for togetherness and many benefits. Association helps, ecosystem and environment helps in the pursuit of your visions. Discussion even karma yoga or sheer karma principles.
	Forum for services and thinking everybody and not self centered - are godless people - everybody is in the plethora of range.
		world is so designed that you can find higher expressions of life even within this world - but the undercurrent will always be advocated by self even in KC but it is constitutional and most rewarding that's the difference.
		Do soldiers not serve? conditional service but more of revival of constitutional nature of soul - something is favorable - it is necessary but not sufficient.
	In fact, temple or any forum will survive only when people will sponsor it, maintain it, etc.
	No they should not have any forum to do that - again we are so self centered that no baseball park cuz I don't play it - earth doesn't move around you, sir.
	don't oversimplify spirituality and hinduism - it has many branches (yogic systems and prasthatraya, six philosophical bodies) and goals (brahman, paramatma, bhagavan). Being accomodative of eth.
	How Ram shaved his face all imagination - shaving blade is very old concept, didn't have razors like us so we choose the better option but eth exists.
SQ - Spirituality
	In totality, do not think very high of the material realm. But that doesn't make it any less purposeful. 
	It serves its purpose and has a lot to train you (normal distribution of goodness among people, within people, things, etc)
	So, grow thru the positive side of the material world and accept the other side of the normal curve for others in the realm.
	Also, important to note that we are in the realm and we contribute a lot to it but it is foolish to expect sparcle of diamond from pieces of glass.
SQ - Spirituality - in yoga, the concepts are made known to you from day 1 (eg - you know stealing is bad or tapa is good but how is it really important as foundation)
	but to digest them and assimilate them and get to understand the need, the depth of those principles takes some time.
SQ - Spirituality
	Krishna may be suhrid but is strict - if you don't deserve 90 days of NFP - per lifestyle, temperament, etc - u don't get it but not that it is all waste.
SQ - Spirituality - not escapsim but "break".
	BG P consumption untracked => no hedonic adaptation and PMO.
	Prayaschit - no office on weekends cuz didn't use that properly.
	Ability to tolerate shit and solve shit.
	1 in hand (Present) > 2 in bush (future promises). Never compromise on present for future - only navigate to future from present - it's not a jump but navigation.
SQ - Spirituality - Canto 1 - Suta G and sages
	Canto 1 Meta-talks
		Prelude, Setting Scene, Qualifications of suta G, 6 Questions by sages.
		3 verses Prelude - Absolute truth in 1st, SB unique and succinctive message, SB special flavor in relishability
SQ - Spirituality - Darshan Shastra - they help you see the reality in proper context - now you see it.
	change in drishtikon by spirituality.
	purpose of scriptures is not understand god's plan but to surrender unto god's plan.
	Intent is so important - foundation for storms like challenges in life. Haridas's intent was very deep (very deep desire so can't be shaken)
	Why we need to emphasize that not social reasons that people join but spiritual reasons - it is a long path - lots of troubles on the path they have faced so not to show only the happy face of KC. vichar teevra nahi hota then attracted to stuffs.
SQ - Spirituality
	What is Krishna's success rate with the material world in comeback
		that's Krishna's vision not mission - he respect every decision of ours - doesn't thrash us for sth on short run - Krishna doesn't need or want anything from us.
		he is waiting and will respect if we turn. he facilitates but doesn't compel.
SQ - Spirituality - 
	Krishna's devotees are destined for greatness - cuz the lessons they learn in spiritual circles are applied to material realm and which are full of dedication and willingness to pay the price. Empathy for others - eg - seeing a professor as external entity vs a person who actually tried his/her best to bring a lesson to you. In latter case you learn much better cuz of no blame game but making most of the situation.
	the jnana tendency of exploration of how it works drilling down helps them understand tattva of worldly systems. and Dhyan is already very strong. Karma is full of dedication.
SQ - Spirituality - Our management has so many subtle ways of telling that I am overtime.
SQ - Spirituality - Like VA, spirituality also has graph of multiple nodes having inputs and outputs (gives and takes).
SQ - Spirituality - Like Narottam DT - do they know they are manjaris - No! Yoga maya covering for emotions and KC rasa - like Krishna really worried when boys entering into aghasur.
	Why prob of am I constitutionally related - whether nitya baddha or nitya siddha or mukta - we are constitutionally related and have freedom to try out in either realms - but that there's a conception of KC overdose for me already means we are not there yet. It is not nitya mukta but traversal towards it. After or b4 perfection it doesn't matter - these labels don't really matter.
	Does he know he is prophesized to be awesome - yes cuz eb ack them so - but humility (else punar mushaka bhava).
		responsibility not proud - anyone lord could have selected but he wants me to do it - in front of Lord I am great - I am greater btw vs I am small - take blessings.
SQ - Spirituality - Guru lowers Krishna's standards to accomodate a jiva and raises the standard of jiva to make it to Krishna. Imagine how important guru is - thru guidance, facilities, etc.
SQ - Spirituality - Ecstacies in KC - Mayapur, I will be waiting waiting for you, Kolkata leaving and separation, sinful separation from Krishna heart pain, songs and thinking of Krishna, moving places nearby and seeing Krishna and feeling great happiness, going back to voice and feeling pleasure, sleeping and remembering Krishna, why am I going thru this Krishna, songs directly related to Krishna and very happy (b4 also in ASR trip), very happy with all concepts learnt before, grudge for being questioned but concepts overloaded with deity darshan and felt very happy with everything seen in Krishna consciousness; another time with surrender to Krishna. More on smartphone notes. Listening to some Hare Krishna songs in late night. Mayapur intense experience on heart prayer - charanamrita ucchishta and deep meditation and long deep meditation for minutes together.
	Rajni dd marriage - when pandit continued to be merciful in spite of being challenged (cuz of his being a little off) - prayed to Krishna that e1 evolves thru that episode.
	Stories - walks with Krishna, bugs in Pune, book distribution volunteering, New temple in bangalore cuz closer and later lunch.
SQ - Spirituality - it takes 2 for conflict but 1 to resolve - panja ladana.
SQ - Spirituality - In my journey, I have paid price of normalcy which is awesome but those who take KC decisions as normal are far better situated from sp perspective of course.
	stories - giving up dogs fear to approach voice from hostel. That dog was famous for attacking in day, speak nth of night. but another who'd walk past jumping dogs not just barking as if its nothing in Sangvi pune later on.
	Staying with bugs in original VOICE vs lotus voice. Daring to go Pune - some already looking for it.
	Walking around waiting for voice narrative to come back - some staying there like normal.
SQ - Spirituality - Goswamis may be gopis in spiritual world but their worldly stories are very learnable and inspirational. So should be ours - although conditioned state, story with krishna in material context is very interesting. Sp world is far more but outta sight and mind approach.
SQ - Spirituality - Sambandha Jnana is all SMY book series - compartmentalized study of analysis of everything.
	then what's BG - it is flow of thought based on foundation of that raw Data model or process model which solves a problem or conveys an idea - so are our bhagavatam classes - topic based lecturing. same applies to Isho and others.
	SB is prayojan jnana case studies interspersed with SAP (sambandha abhidhyeya and prayojan).
	@this is like college studies give us foundational knowledge but projects and industry work is application of that foundational knowledge for some problem solving.
SQ - Spirituality - sources of ecstacy - gratitude, I love you (or such person) undercurrent (one's own or borrowed), Vishad (separation, anguish), act of love.
SQ - Spirituality - Prayojan is backlog to feel the pinch everyday in daily scrum.
SQ - Spirituality - Sin now or later. always later - vritti, sanskar, loss degree, hope of return, increased cumulation, competition between good and bad dog - some starving.
SQ - Spirituality - Krishna speaking BG is like TOC (theory of computation) - input string - given alphabets, words, etc - what's best way to convey the higher dimensional world thru sequencing the info - but this machine or system has limitation but not some alternate higher dimensional machine which may be non-sequential in nature. RAM random access type (on demand questioning based) or bulk flow buffer type (some mercy vision or something).
SQ - Spirituality - Proud for interesting insight - foundation from seniors and tapa on top of it and personal tastes to which Krishna rewards accordingly. so thanks to senior, Krishna, tapa guides and tapa itself - glory that you followed but thanks to others for all this facilitations. And yes like you get rewarded this way which pleases you, other devotees get rewarded in other unique ways that please them.
SQ - Spirituality
	SG solution - change the stimuli - just double the time you spend with Krishna at mental level (of course, other layers as well)
		strengthen the intellect - close eyes, withdraw, etc.
		allowing grats in KC is slow burning of wood.
	Fear cuz of ignorance like in dark we are afraid of being blind and attack from others without control - ability to do something about it.
	changing from bad state to good like cleaning is involving process but rewarding.
	take a pinch if no calamity cuz stretch.
	Stories in SB also have allegorical side or it emerges from the story itself like first realm description then gajendra opulence first.
	Kirtan in mood of SB story - that of devotee.
	SG is like fun in cool waters after hot day but bite from jelly fish - it comes in package. Preyas - nectar now, poison later.
	VA shortcoming in Gajendra - they tried their best to stop but some things are beyond "exit" control. Think "thanks" to framework.
		it is contract based - mutual exchange orchestrated by transcendence - as soon as you can't be promising server, you can't be deserving consumer. Eg - football player loses the foot then no1 cares to be his fan.
		the idea of seeing shortcomings of VA is engage in higher grats.
		Time spares no1 - eventually all opulences get lost and you move to next challenge - Ford Pr's response (I claim, enjoy and leave); body gets old.
SQ - Spirituality - Hate the disease but love the diseased.
SQ - Spirituality - Krishna supreme controller - as supersoul, as orchestration of world graph "chance", changing material laws like changing protocols - not a big deal for him cuz no stakes but generally, he changes the norm like changing demigod rule to demoniac gradually cuz of some legitimate underlying reasons like offenses, guide respects, tapa, perseverence, grit, etc.
	demoniac by definition is dharma viruddha like unwilling to follow the injunctions and doing opposite cuz preyas - asura - jokingly jo sur se sur na milayen but that captures the essence.
	Brahma to Hiranya that you can't be eternal could be coming from demigodly premise that it is not doable in demigod way of doing things but in theory, there could be demoniac way out.
	MOI and MOP strictly speaking is different from asuri vritti - MOP is overindulgence and MOI is underindulgence. 
		Both may regularize themselves to MOG on concern or want to MOG goal (higher goal) but some too attached to MMN may still not budge towards MOG.
		When a concern shows up, MOI person may get serious and pay the price expected to whatever degree (read - last day book readers). 
		When some way falling short for MOP, cuz over effort in 1 cause and ignored the other in its pursuit, the person for want of ideal may shift gears and focus to bring things to normal.
		Of all MOG, the one who works on "Do the needful" basis and keeps everything in balance is best suited and most ideal of all.
		typically, asuri vritti is more bend towards MOI or MOP in most of the layers but especially spiritually they are towards MOI, in other layers they can be anywhere in the spectrum.
SQ - Spirituality - Bhakti Shastri - NOI - Premise of devotion, you want instruction, how Rupa G gives 11 wisdom nuggets enough for abhidhyeya.
	NOI key themes - Path Goswami to Pure Devotee.
		Mind and Sense Control
		Attitude
		Guru and Disciple
		ISKCON's purpose
		Sadhu-sanga
		Devotees (Kinds, behavior and qualifications)
		Bhakti (Stages and Development)
	NOI - Shraddha to Prema
		1-3 Shraddha
		4-6 Sadhu-sanga
		7 - bhajan kriya, anartha nivritti, nishtha, ruci
		8 - asakti
		9-11 - bhav prema.
		1 - symptoms of madhyama.
		2-4 - external practices
		5-8 - internal vision of Madhyama adhikari.
		9-11 - order of worshippable persons and places.
		Not nectar of suggestion but instruction.
		diluted sugarcane juice to hard sugar candy eventually.
		Love in world - carnal (enjoy lower layers), superficiality (small probs or conditions apply - looks go away its gone), impermanent (time severs relp)
			it is wrong foundation love - for me to love 7 also needs Krishna in center - for me to see you needs sun and its rays. To understand and reciprocate.
			contract like scratching back. friends changing like tyres.
		Krishna long back but Rupa G in recent past.
		Without sense and mind control no spiritual progress.
		Goal
			to be a goswami (MOG)
				every director of temple has that name in Vrindavan
			to be a PD (MOPG)
			Enter into Krishna's conjugal pastimes.
		Aparadh - take us away from DS (displease Radha) - 
			nama - 10 offenses
			vaishnava (6 offenses - assassinate person or character, envy, blaspheme, not greeting, angry on them, not become joyful on seeing)
			dham
			seva.
		Godas to Goswami - changing company from maya to Krishna.
		6 urges - manifest, tolerate, engage.
			how to restrain in devotee association, upcoming devotee association.
			Eg - prajalpa - how do you deal with it - it is a problem to solve - stand of not participating or overindulging.
		Purport Thoughtflow
			Parikshit M on atonement - that's superficial solution (not root).
				analogies - elephant bath, thief police, confessions (given triple atonement - advance payment)
				Real atonement - tapasya - awakening dormant KC.
					Training acc to regulative principles and methodical life.
					Traditional tapasya - austerity, celibacy, mind sense control, cleanliness, truthfulness, renunciation, yoga asana.
						So many vows; morality lack of opportunity - it presents and gone. Given up smoking 22 times.
						we have tried them b4 KC. Like grass cutting using machine and not uprooting.
					Pancharatrika tapasya - Rupa G method - 
						do bhakti in guru guidance and devs association; 
						Don'ts 4 regs.
					Application
						Vaco - snake toad (jnani karmi), Krishna katha (not silence)
						Manasah - vacuum attracts anarthas. Meditate on Krishna's lotus feet (sun and Krishna)
						Krodha - can't be stopped. apply against blasphemers (Jagai madhai, Hanuman, Arjuna)
						Jihva - karmi shops. Solution Prasad - Krishna's mercy at scheduled times.
						Udaropastha - No unnecessary sex. KC kids.
			7th offense - HN will cleanse all types of sin. Pray let me suffer karma and not go to SM and grow thru it.
			Category - intelligent, less intelligent (fool - doesn't know), rascal (doesn't want to know - enjoyment without responsibility - not paying price)
			25 paisa circus - e1 beaten and e1 says fine. Woman pregnancy but again the pain.
			Q - If neophytes then why SM for whole world - it is nested - different levels - control urges vs engages the senses eventually lead you to be SM.
			Q - to come to KC it takes pious acts in past but to stay that's not easy with backlog of sins and tendencies.
SQ - Spirituality - 
	BG - Freeing Arjuna's doubt to act thru Karma section, Bhakti section and Jnana section (give or take not exactly but mostly - like 2nd, 6th, 18th on VA).
		Roughly - first 5 on VA model (2nd mood setting, 4th on spiritual process), 6-12 (full on spirituality), last 6 (different models of worldly life - MMN, domoniac, etc - abhidhyeyas of different prayojans).
		Krishna solved problem instance for specific class (warrior) but his solution can be abstracted and generalized - so yes, Arjuna was calf for the milk of BG. This text is gonna have lots of applications being the working manual for material exit ecosystem. Yes, it's thoughtflow/story and not SMY type analytical study but very important story wrt relevance.
	SB - case studies (prayojan centered) for vedantic study (highest knowledge or BG).
	CC - devotional case studies (prominent focus on spiritual circles and not so much on material laws).
SQ - Spirituality - Bhakti Shastri flow 
	Story - first understand story or thoughtflow (roll up to drill down hierarchically)
		Also, subtext - what was going on under the story (emotions)
		All thoughtflows are basically a learning instance of problem solving for gradient descent for applications of the material and betterment of Und base.
	Und - analysis in purports will enrich your understanding framework.
		Typically, devotees give extension to purports thru contemplation points or realizations and lots of eg, analogies, etc.
	Application - abstract the story out and understand what has just happened - now these ideas can have personal, praching and social applications.
		Sometimes you may abstract Krishna also but that may be a compromise on spiritual nourishment.
	focus - 
		Recitation - Shlokas (prayer, understanding or funda, instruction, etc) - transliteration and meaning.
		Story - Text in the story relevance.
		Understanding - Purports (flow of thought drill down) and Add-ons.
		Application - Introspect on understanding's and story's abstraction.
SQ - Spirituality - source - Sanskrit Channel - Overview of BG chapters.
	Intro
		Delivered in the middle of a battle field, when the most powerful warrior in that battle was down on his knees, riddled with grief, fear and dilemma, Bhagavad Gita is not only a tremendous source of inspiration and wisdom, it is also among the foremost books on Yoga, offering deepest insights into the human condition
		While there are many powerful sanskrit works on yoga, like the patanjali yoga sutras, yoga vAsiSTham and the brahma sutras, Bhagavad Gita stands unique in terms of it's practicality and the simplicity of language used by Lord Krishna
		Bhagavad Gita is composed of 700 shlokas, giving it the name gItA saptashati, sapta meaning 7 and shata meaning 100
		These 700 shlokas are split into 18 chapters by commentators, for easy understanding
		Each chapter of Bhagavad Gita has a specific name which depicts the essence of all the shlokas in it
		The shloka count of each chapter is given in this chart
	The First Chapter is called arjuna vishAda yOgaH, where viShAda means sorrow
		This chapter opens with the Blind King Dhritarashtra asking his minister Sanjaya, to narrate the ongoings of the battle at the field of Kurukshetra
		Sanjaya, blessed with Sage vyAsa's boon of being able to see events happening at a distance starts narrating the battle formation, and the mood of both the warring sides
		Sanjaya sees that while Duryodhana, the blind king's son is instructing his armies, and preparing for battle, Arjuna on the other hand seems distressed and starts a conversation with Lord Krishna, Arjuna's charioteer
		Sanjaya starts narrating this conversation between Arjuna and Lord Krishna to Dhritarashtra, and thus starts Bhagavad Gita, a conversation between a distressed disciple and his trusted master
		In the first chapter, Arjuna expresses his internal turmoil
		He tries to find reasons to quit the war, surrender to his opponents and even contemplates suicide
		Unable to bear his own thoughts, he collapses in the middle of the battle field
		This first chapter consists of 47 shlokas which illustrate various forms of mental distress, which Arjna goes through
		The next 17 chapters are Lord Krishna's solutions to address this suffering
	The Second Chapter of Bhagavad Gita is called as sAnkhya yOgaH
		The Word sankhyA, which is populary used in the meaning of a number, is actually made of two sounds, sam, meaning well and khyA meaning to declare
		samyak khyAyatE atra it sankhyA
		The gist of Yoga is declared well in this chapter
		Composed of 72 shlokas, in this chapter, Lord Krishna Communicates the entire essence of Yoga
		Arjuna now has a continuous series of questions and doubts, and the next chapters consist of Lord Krishna's clarifications to those questions
	The Third chapter with 43 shlokas is called as the karma yOgaH
		Karma Yoga talks about the nature of action, it's results and how one's approach should be towards any action performed
		Naturally Arjuna has some more questions and doubts by the end of this chapter, and Lord Krishna goes on to clarify them further
	Fourth Chapter called jnAna karma sannyAsa yOgaH, is composed of 42 shlokas
		This talks about the right kind of knowledge, and what it means to perform action, but still be detached from the results of it
		The focus in this chapter is on jnAnam, or knowledge
		The kind of knowledge that brings about peace, and settles one in one's true nature
	Fifth chapter is called as karma sannyAsa yOgaH
		This talks about renunciation of action
		If such a thing is really possible, or if it is just a trap
		This consists of 29 shlokas
	Chapter Six composed of 47 shlokas, is called as dhyAna yOgaH
		In this chapter Lord Krishna talks about the principles of dhyAna or meditation
		One can find a lot of common ground between patanjali yoga sutras and the basic principles of meditation mentioned in this chapter
	The seventh chapter is called as jnAna vijnAna yOgaH
		The 30 shlokas contained in this chapter discuss the distinction between external and internal knowledge, the principle of the knower and the known, the purusha and the prakriti phenomenon of existence
		This is the chapter where Lord Krishna starts to reveal his enlightened state of existence
		He poetically states that his identity is with the core of existence and not at a superficial level
	The eighth chapter has 28 shlokas and is called the akShara brahma yOgaH
		Here Lord Krishna elaborates more on his true cosmic identity which is unchanging and eternal
	Chapter 9 has 34 shlokas
		It is called as rAja vidyA rAja guhya yOgaH
		Here he talks about the knowledge which is beyond the nature of life as we know it
		He talks of going beyond the limitations of the three qualities of existence
	Chapter 10 called as vibhUti yOgaH, has 42 shlokas
		By the end of previous chapter Arjuna starts realizing the true magnitude of the kind of being that Kishna is
		Upon Arjuna's request to talk more about his true identity, lord krishna laughs and starts listing out a few aspects of his grand state of being, vibhUti
	After hearing this in amazement, Arjuna seeks to witness that all pervading form of Lord Krishna
		Out of his compassion, lord krishna provides Arjuna the power to see, and also presents himself in a form which is all-pervading
		The 55 shlokas in which this is presented forms the content of vishwa rUpa darShana yOgaH
	Chapter 12 is called as bhakti yOgaH as is composed of 20 shlokas
		This is the chapter of devotion
	Chapter 13 is composed of 34 shlokas and is called as kShEtra kShEtrajna vibhAga yOgaH
		This means the distinction of kShEtra, the field, and kshetrajna, the consciousness
	Chapter 14 called guNatraya vibhAga yOgaH is composed of 27 shlokas
		This chapter talks about how the three qualities of sattva, rajas and tamas in exquisite detail
	Chapter 15 is composed of 20 shlokas and is called as puruShOttama yOgaH
		In this chapter Lord Krishna gives a clear depiction of the nature of human existence, various human faculties and how to identify one's true self
	Chapter 16 is called as daivAsurasampat vibhAga yOgaH and is composed of 24 shlokas
		Here Lord Krishna points out how human beings have the potential to either live as divinely as gods or choose to live as harmfully as demons
		He lists out various qualities that elevates ones life to a divine state of being, or push one to a demonic nature
	The penultimate Chapter 17 called shraddAtraya vibhAga yOgaH is composed of 28 shlokas, and talks about the three fold categorization based on sattva, rajas and tamas of thoughts, beliefs and actions
	Chapter 18, called as mOkSha sannyAsa yOgaH is the longest, composed of 78 shlokas
		In this, Lord Krishna summarises various kinds of spiritual paths one can follow based on one's aptitude
		He sets the common goal of mOkSha, which is liberation from bondage, which is the ultimate cause of all human suffering, circling back to Arjuna's condition
		By the end of this chapter, Arjuna bows down to Krishna for having cleared his dilemma
		He thanks Lord Krishna to have helped him gain clarity, and promises that he'll act accordingly
		It is this all encompassing nature of Bhagavad Gita, the patient answers of Lord Krishna to Arjuna's questions, and the simple words which he chooses to deliver these concepts, which still makes Bhagavad Gita, a relevant and a widely sought after text world wide
SQ - Spirituality - For a layer of grats, we need discipline on the lower layers 
	like imagine intellectual meeting for achieving something and you are cracking silly jokes - people will become angry.
	you want capability cultivation and someone brags or keeps planning for achievements - how upsetting is that.
SQ - Spirituality
	Anger is justified like Daksha thought. We never think we are at mistake.
	sur asur is not black white but many shades of grey.
	Setting of context first in story - a touch upon.
	zooming in to statement said and emphasizing its importance 
		practical aspect also. Philosophical. Prabhupada support. Support from shastra.
		Quoting devs.
	Philosophical
		VAS is ok but S should be center. Not attractive session - conditional soul.
		Maya makes us settle in MOG but it is necessary for transcendence.
			MOG characterised by Sukham and Jnanam.
	Narad Muni told Vyasadev that you have told DAKM from separatist vision. Not centering DAKM to KC purpose.
	SP used to translate in night which is very difficult - your word meaning and translation should be best like Krishna fell and Pandavas rejoiced and so on - which is counter intuitive. So, gotta understand.
	SP - SB is going to US and I am going with it. Why are you sleeping at night - why are you not PD?
	We have to do all that cuz in this body so VA. Trans id and functional id - so gotta balance 2.
	In every institution, there will be conservatives and liberals. Liberal with principles is deviants vs conservative with details is fanatic.
	Dashrath vs Dashanana - control 10 senses. 10 direction. Mind becomes peaceful.
	#Thinking - MOG can be limiting if not Pure Goodness - so not in MOP or MOI but stuck on that layer itself.
	We are thorns not particles in spiritual world. So Ram was ready to suffer that bleeding. That's glory of Lord Ram.
	Seeing Krishna in TIME - Seeing Krishna in Temple (deities), Individual (part and parcel), Material Nature (taste of water), Events (in day today events and not miracles).
		deity as machine to convert bhog to prasad.
		Supersoul in eb and e1 is child of Krishna.
		Miracles mein even atheist would see Krishna. Dev doesn't mean seeing Krishna in miracles.
SQ - Spirituality - 1 statement of KC
	PM of India - play 1 short message on KC - which reminds devotees of their topmost fortune of KC.
	Krishna's greatest tadiya is devotees so value them as dearest entity to Krishna by serving them and taking their association.
	are you connected with devotees - is KC on.
	Always remember Krishna never forget Krishna.
SQ - Spirituality - 5 chitta states - https://mariahealthyoga.com/five-states-of-mind-discussed-in-yoga-chitta-bhumis
	Mudda mind  Dull, (donkey mind )
	Kshiptha mind  restless, (monkey mind)
	Vikshipta mind  occasionally steady mind (butterfly mind)
	Ekagra mind  one-pointed (candle mind), in this state the mind remains focused on one object.
	Niruddha  fully concentrated mind
SQ - Spirituality (AT, Science included) - Senses
	flavorist profession; https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flavorist
	measure touch sensation
	odormeter in market
	eyes frequency and intensity
	ears also frequency, intensity etc.
SQ 
	Attracting what you focus on is serious problem if you indulge in PMO.
SQ - SQ is simple but not easy - you know what the final state is of course love is the grat but to deserve "SW" you need to have 0 dependence on all lower layers of grats
	not that they don't exist in SW but they don't operate on you as center of attraction but 7 else is the king there.
	The relatability is there in dev circles so your grats are not unimportant in the evolution stage of devs but not the prime focus.
	VA also gives you enough space for gradually evolve and not ask 0 dependence immediately but gradually (lift vs stairs).
SQ - Threat at different layers of existence - 
	About
		sat cit ananda constitutional features denied at different layers of identification
		one component at negative (can be caused by nature, living entity, self)
	threat for survival at senses or body - horror movies, etc.
	threat at mental pleasures - jerks or trouble makers for no reason
	threat at intellectual pleasures - politicking/ manipulating situations to stop someone from achieving something
	threat at ego pleasures - people who belittle others, etc
	threat at spiritual pleasures - blasphemers (not rationalists)
	More
		death is threat of all the layers of existence - eth you cultivated is gonna go away so the thing you take shelter of truly means what you really value.
			life gives lots of opportunities of take unit tests to evaluate your cost function for godhead.
			solution is solve problems but for impending residues - fall up and not fall down - but fall is must cuz we are anand mayo bhyasat and gotta declare dependence on sth.
SQ - Services rendered - Recitation service - Krishna book, SB book for hearing during services, Tests creations from DYS, Transcription services
	web seva for RNS, Bhagavatam study circles and BG Study circle with awadhesh Pr.
SQ - To stop cussing words (that I don't believe in), immediately flush out of the context by going away from situation and do deep breathing for mental freedom.
	after around 5 minutes of pranayam and/or chant (replace with right thing) - solve the problem head on - where the disalignment is, the cause and solve it.
	Not more than 10 minutes activity - this activity is supposed to help. Perform this activity only once or a few times.
SQ - Ecstasy - many but few that stand out.
	chanting
	mayapur imagination of running outta temple
	Separation from Krishna after fall down in college
	I will be waiting, waiting for you.
	leap to attend MP every earely morning - risking and facing the fears.
	while sleeping in Pune
	in meditation room in Infy
	IIITB BLR many experiences but don't recall.
	SAP - I am a neophyte devotee. I share my little knowledge whether appropriate or not.
SQ - stop levels - 
	senses stimulus, mind don't delve, intellect discriminate, ego id saves you. self (meditate), superself (depend)
SQ - Philosophy
	Talking to support - don't reveal your limitations that's final stop - tell assertions as built or as matter of fact not what choice and compulsions got us there.
	any change in code that you make - you gotta take full responsibility of what that class was up to and where the change was necessary - how that's a missing piece and not a jugad.
		ensure that all possible inputs will still hold good with that change being made.
SQ - Fall doesn't even matter in the larger picture - it's only the pinch that it gives.
SQ - levels of rise / platforms or stages of ego - before realm change.
	Shraddha (faith or trust) - makes you peaceful (peace formula) when you trust the lord. Arto, Artharthi also have trust in proprietorship but not so much in suhrid aspect - they think that they need to tell what they need and God should fulfill that so projection wise desire platform is lesser in shraddha than regular DS practitioner.
	Association - Jnani - full of knowledge for next stages (SAP - Prayojan, abhidhyeya, etc). Culminating DAG - auspiciousness cuz of right priorities, knowledge of tradeoffs, awareness of doing what should be done (action in line with knowledge in line with facts of nature), transcendental aspect also.
		MOG nature (or spirituality) is materially quite rewarding (of course, it has other side also) by the very design of material world.
	DS - Artha Pravritti - Engagement in cultivation => Higher taste (spiritual gratifications).
	Anartha Nivritti - Sattvik - MOP (Self obsession - Hanker, Lament, Madness) to MOG (service, happiness, contribution).
	Nishtha - Sthita-prajna (resolute, resilient) - not overly affected; do right thing fearlessly.
	Ruchi - Rasik (taste seeker) - Interest in transcendence (realm, being, paraphernalia, Lord, etc)
	Aasakti or Bhav - Atmaram - Emotions for transcendence (currently don't even know it - forget emotions for it) - there is shadow aspect or early dawn that we experience or lightening which is powerful but real light all around is different level.
	Prem - Actual qualification for spiritual world (constitutional self); Love => Alignment towards something bigger than yourself.
	About - it is linear with every stage depending on not just previous one but all of the previous ones.
		being primarily in 1 stage implies, strengthen and necessitates the presence of all the previous ones.
		All thru the stages, the focus keeps moving from "I" to "We".
		What's the story or narrative here?
			Worldly Side
				Premise - Shraddha is state of mental peace and positive outlook where you accept the premise for the process.
				Theory - Association prepares you with SAP for the cultivating favorable and rejecting unfavorable, factors like enthu, tolerance, etc.
				Practical 
					Favorable - Artha Pravritti - cultivation of favorable - Intellect guiding the mind for right.
					Unfavorable - Anartha Nivritti - rejecting the unfavorable - Intellect guiding the mind against wrong.
			Worldly Fruit or result - Stable and Robust in material realm as well spiritual realm (resolute, resilient) - right apparatus or conditionings for spiritual flavors to start.
			Spiritual states
				Genuine Interest - Rasik - enjoying deliberation or meditation or thinking on spiritual NGRL (Nam, Guna, Rupa, Lila). Not driven by worldly aspects.
					in beginning there may be a worldly component to it but it is powerful still but can't compare with real lightening.
				Experiencing true Emotions - not shadow ones but powerful - SB / CC mentioned Pure devotees kind.
				Being in love - fully aligned.
SQ
	Transcendence is the framework - we have the exits to fill.
	Video games - story is the framework and your achievements in the process are the exits.
SQ - Tripod of mind, prana, veer - harness 4 greatness.
SQ - Sinful package - touch of indulgence - watch NFP video, decide the tenure (those many extra rounds (maybe standardized)), withdraw and contemplate on jnana, NFP video, substituted gratifications which are not that intense (songs, tv series, movies, video game, etc)
	We can cluster devs as per taste but e1 is uniquely different - desire deepest inner ones are different to serve Krishna.
	associations of similar in cluster and development but unique weights and so different.
	tolerate the anarthas in people like we tolerate anarthas of lion to eat meat. But ego gratification - not projections of IQ and EQ - is social level values and beliefs - and people poor people get punished for having their values and beliefs - so rather fulfill it in the microrealm itself. What should your ideal society do and should look like.
	contributing to people - impact on society is such a high gratification!
SQ
	SA1 - benefits of chanting, SA2 - acknowledge Krishna's grace for HN but my inattraction. SA3 - how to chant always; SA4 - I want nth else (including moksha) but your DS.
	SA5 - I fell plz reinstate me. SA6 - when will bhav come. SA7 - feeling separation from you; SA8 - no matter how you treat me, I are my worshippable master.
	artha pravritti - ?humility, tolerance, respect to other, not expected in return. for kirtaniya sada hari.
	anartha nivritti - I want nth else but your DS. At least no ambition for anything else.
	price for nishtha - patience, enthu, regularity - BGP told by RSP - better to die early than to set bad eg.
	price for ruci - SA3 + SA5 (asato ma sadgamaya) + Associate with PDS.
	price for bhav - yearning for bhav.
	price for asakti - feelings of separation.
	price for prem - no expectations.
	no consideration of insult - they would ask blessings from devotees cuz they value it. They would distribute BG even if people don't respect them (they are treated like demigods otherwise)
	even sensual grats are also mentals grats only - so nomenclature-wise I take all layers of grats to be SG cuz that's the trigger for any layer of grat.
	Pay the price and krishna changes the realm. India lagged behind of course cuz external reasons but internal reasons also.
		who says we are spiritually elevated - we are just in fortunate condition of getting the favorable culture but we can do anything with it.
		of course a person in MOP would pay any price required, so would MOG (even better cuz aligned with what matters) and in right direction but MOP would certainly perform better than MOI guy. audience also matters.
		greater repercussions as per expectations on where you stand
		Vivekananda - lack of continence has ruined the country so don't think that it's all vedic realm going on - people get attracted to cities cuz it does justice to your subtle body so there's that.
	Krishna consciousness but not e1 can pay price and we also take time to get there so worldly love and not worldly lust - love driving the show.
SQ - gratitude for Krishna for arranging a company and accomodation that's very close to dev association.
SQ - Lust is a cute rascal. All sins originate with simple lust. If animal wasn't tasty, would people kill them in such proportions.
	Lust unfulfilled => anger, crimes, disturbance forcing upon 7 to different levels, at least anoid, thought comes in to let it be known or discouraging them (negative connotations here)
	criminal actions of love triangle, acid, rape, trafficking, etc all have their roots in this innocent looking pleasure 
	higher taste is so important and so is discipline for anartha nivritti (don't take this lust cheaply - it's the devil)
		we shy from core topic saying that criminal was evil
		but criminal tendency is what needs to be addressed most importantly.
	but spiritual students should understand it deeply (abstract concepts of course)
	Many smart people recognize that slaughter, wars, crimes are not very different.
SQ - Stage of address - concern, needful, wantful - wantful may seem attractive but has high TME and lost/ wastage also but infatuation of grats make up for wastage. Needful is trace back to plan tasks with end result at a given time stamp (back tracking)
	Concern stage is after pinch - can lead to bad deals and tension factor involved.
	Neeful stage giving you TME to explore options, consider trade-offs, understand protocols thereby fostering health.
SQ - Theoretically if I find neTh greater than Krishna - song answered it to me.
	I nothing less than you, nothing more than you - gratitude engulfs you.
SQ - Grat for past, trust in present and faith or confidence in future. But magnitude of them also grows with KC.
SQ - doing yoga is special but not doing it is normal for material realm.
SQ - We love those who give us experience of sat cit Ananda in material realm - soul's natural position reflected in mind.
SQ - These reasons made me act in a certain way (given my conditioned body or conditionings) - Eg Samsung RnD behavior or Infly let switch happen cuz 7 said sth.
	Brahmana in LCM pastime in CC - no food is Krishna's choice - no, only after repeated attempts.
	So transcendence wanted this from me - you are not a robot programmed by trans but a person who is given a choice to exercise in envt - external and internal - so test or plan - that's your narrative - but yes, it's not wood for trees - I think of it as transcendental framework as per exercised configurations and implementation points exit code.
SQ - What's auspicious - the story of horse - breaking legs seems inauspicious there - we see short-sighted to make claims but see long term.
	I got to drink soft drink for free - auspicious or not - yes preyas but shreyas - long term long lasting pleasure of health?
	I need only so much veg, dal, all - so why crave for cheap stuff like 1 who fights over fares - wastes his energy that could be used for something larger achievements. Thinking mundane things a lot ain't very favorable.
	That phase of life seems inauspicious but later lays ground for high auspiciousness.
	Narrative is small run may seem inauspicious but jnana arjit from that is very auspcious for all times to come - the health you cultivate, the lessons you learnt, the dangers you extricate yourself from, future readiness (seamlessly). No apathy and getting stretch zone action.
	Fall down is painful cuz streak breaks but auspicious from Krishna if sincere. Best use of bad bargain - like wrong turn on highway but got to see sth interesting there.
		insights of 9 stages of bhakti, 9 ways of bhakti - scrum importance is highly auspicious
SQ - Ati prayas ain't favorable for bhakti.
SQ - So many realizations. We are node in the graph of "Culture of DS" - we get input from many sources (we adore them, deliberate, experience, realize) and share it further with others (as part of legacy) - that too is only 1 dimension of study of KC - it has so many dimensions - learn from others in all dimensions - find your flavor and contribute to others - so Spirituality also has graph model of VA - where Varna is giving out and Ashram is consuming from society.
SQ - Brahmacarya is also a microrealm to channel of grats required there but spiritual layer has to be really very elegant for sustenance. And there nth wrong in changing the microrealm to suit your nature in general or current state (in mature sense).
SQ - sin is not just extreme grats at different layer but also avidhi purvakam 
	denying religious principles (delineated to eventually align you with transcendental dharma) 
	eg sex as per dharma is KC but against religious principles can be sinful (0 to 1). not paying the expected price.
SQ - you can't be in spiritual world unless you belong there. Even if you make you won't like and continue being there like asuras that entered Vraja with desire to kill Krishna.
	You may even develop appreciation for it if you have some sukriti like me for ISKCON. But for me, is there a conception of "KC overdose". I know there was in beginning when I would sit aside and say "great people, eth awesome (too much fun) but I need a break (something else also)".
	This state is not being ready for it - you don't belong there, you appreciate it that state is called shraddha but prema for the realm or its embassy is much superior when there is no conception of overdose remaining - that's home to you - do you get overdose of home (natural state (internal ecosystem) extended to external ecosystem) - well, we are in material world.
SQ - ashram in its raw sense has husband and wife - purush (controller in VA) and prakriti (controlled in VA). Analogy to mind and intellect also.
	Our hormones and bodily internal ecosystem favors that but jiva in material world has desire for being controller so st both are addressed as purusha sometimes but ideally in VA alignment there is role segregation for what you will find natural to your nature. External ecosystem in alignment to your internal ecosystem (subtle body) as arranged by providence.
	2 purush at home - then tussle over what should happen. 2 prakriti - both are demanding or flickering and no dominance - in either case that's not healthy and fights.
	purush and prakriti equilibrium is ideal. But realistically speaking whether gender or not - this is material world and both same modes over different situations can happen.
	Some over situations, the role division (to purush prakriti) should happen in agreement understanding who can lead there 
		or if both can, then thru negotiation and healthy discussion, the final outcome should be mutually decided so that "best" takes place and situation is peaceful.
	The peaceful situation is very desirable for Krishna consciousness.
	This stems from Vyasacharya Pr saying once that "problem is both are wives so quarrel. 1 has to man up." so man becoming intelligence accepting mind the way it is and properly dealing with it.
SQ - Desire Platform - Not dependable but a plea so ardaas. It's 1 of n inputs for Him.
SQ - Naiti Meditation 
	I am not body (body could be different in configuration, in totality)
	Not mind (my set of sanskars could be entirely different or somewhat different and "I" still remain or exist even after it's changed
	Not intellect (my achievements and achievement attitude could be different and does change with time but I exist)
	Not ego (my identities wrt to worldly entitites like country and worldly people like friends and relatives could have been different and keeps changing CRUD) 
	Only thing that remains after all this is removed is transcendental soul who is subject in current environment for purpose of evolution but has nothing to do with the individual components.
SQ - Importance of complaining, importance of seeing defects. These are also important things in MOP and to not see them is a shortcoming but to see them in KC for eb evolution is MOG. 
	Likewise, there is importance of having unfulfilled desires. They create a backlog for you to run for. To not have desires is not MOG, it could very well be MOI. Practically MOG is approached thru MOP although theoretically it is also possible thru MOI.
	So for scrum, ask this question, what are your unfulfilled desires in SVAF and plan to work in that direction.
	It also mean organized life and good understanding of all layers like ashram-wise, adventure-wise, cars you wanna buy, nature views you seek, foods you are yet to try and what all are already tried, etc.
	This is very unconventional thing to discuss but in pursuit of your final goal this is so very important and also makes life a fantastic journey to perfection.
SQ - Solution is beat the mind. The problem is mind has sanskars and vrittis but even soul doesn't want no preyas and intellect isn't strong.
	Tapasya - fear of unwise moments, iow, lack of determination.
		in general doing spirituality and waking early.
		but specifically of both denial and acceptance - like abstain from internet once a week. Fasting a fortnight - ekadashi if none else.
			And cleanliness - the pillar which gets broken by illicit sex and so forth.
			Take some Home ERP services.
		You can bet this is gonna work - paschattap is head on targetting the problem with specific tapasya but in general tapasya should be your lifestyle for determination.
			mind proposes and you can't say no - you have any idea how terrible this is, in general, forget expressions of anarthas.
	so 2 words solution - cleanliness and tapasya (SVAF). Also planned fulfillment of mind's desires.
	Let's not forget abhyas and vairagya as 2 requisites.
SQ - PMO - It is image of otherwise powerful and deep thing - sex. Sex is a deep thing well shallower to only love. It is meant to be an activity at level of horizontal love - here there is a dedication of senses, mind, intellect - there is something to be achieved (commitment and dedication towards its consequences), ego (identities have to be one to be able to nurture a life that will follow), soul (expression of love, transcending boundaries of personal shyness and me vs you attitude).
SQ - Transcription seva, audiobook creation seva, quiz making seva. Proposed for article writing seva but didn't. Notice board handling and quiz reward seva. Mosquito repelling seva.
SQ - in Kali, convenience of increased grats at all the layers comes with a price, the greater attentions required (recall SB says doing ashram itself is a big deal for kali ppl)
	but material realm anyways requires attention but it gets increased for higher rewards, of course. 
	With this increased attention and rewards, spiritual pursuits do get sidelined that's why the most powerful process is given in this age - tolerating pleasures and pains is anyways not easy especially when they are in your face.
SQ - Material world is not perfection nor imperfect - it is a song of ice and fire and acts like hotel, hospital and prison - everything. So the choice is yours to focus on eliciting the use case of your interest and it will be served but not that you won't see the other faces of the dice.
	When you make a choice of hospital or purification, there is a price to pay - surrender of ego - it is still under your control but all ego cultivations (acting on backlogs) are guided and observed under transcendental ideal and goals. You are still free to change or have a commitment of 0.85 to transcendence and remaining for others - part of evolution.
	when your ego is unguided and is either not made or made for hurting or enjoyment, then to that degree you are "attached" to material existence and unwilling to let it go.
	Under transcendence, the ego is guided (by accepting favorable and rejecting unfavorable), this surrender is what qualifies you for transcendence.
	This surrender or alignment is to transcendence and not to appeasements which means that you gotta be an alpha to take a stand with your life, guiding other and facing society without fear like prabhupada.
	This surrender of ego is what makes bhakti most demanding, simple but not easy investment.
	for different countries or regions this surrender of ego still exists in different flavors like a god principle that is held sacred like freedom and all people act in conducive ways.
		This is not surrender to transcendence but to social idealogical principles (what ideal society looks like, given all subtle bodies living there) to maximize the gratification in consensus.
SQ - Prime focus is personal evolution thru SVAF but for others give some gradient learning (ML) or head on teaching (AI) or let material existence which has arranged to give them incentive for VA to take care of them in evolutionary ways also and tolerate the inconveniences.
SQ - Marriage - settled - financially - girl sees potential, responsibility, confidence.
	Emotionally settled - sth thru experience. Intelligence is learn but never perfect already. We drive and learn - on the job training it's called.
	Sth in life are age related. Taking responsibility makes you mature.
	Medha / Buddhi - Women are less intelligent? Buddhi in males - discrimination and analytical skills without emotions and experience but practical wisdom with women - medha.
		Eg - vali's wife cautions him when sugriva comes again.
	Complimentary - complete each other. Sacred relp? #we make it so. Being with each other thru thick and thin.
	Life partner qualities - same as Krishna - gunavaan, veeryavan, dharmajna, kritajna, satyavakya, dridhata.
	Vrata components - yajna, daan, tapa.
	is bhakti about thinking too much - not really st just trust Krishna like Vasudev carrying Krishna - nth known except what to do now.
	astro matter 25% also upbringing, envt, etc - salaried so affects attitude.
SQ - Nishkam karma - I'd forgotten - dev reminded and life of seva (of course bhog also).
SQ - For grat of a layer - gotta learn to tolerate grats and grit of lower layer.
SQ - Jnani full time tolerance cultivation - feast fast denial, dare (Jnani's assets) - at all layers but other can be reasonable and use day today stimulation instead than triggering - loud I.
SQ - Recurring Anarthas expressions (like NFP) and oceanic anarthas expressions -> recurring anarthas - mock drill to habituate against (internal state + triggers) response (we can stop at every stage).
	ocean anarthas can take many expressions in world - 6 MOP anarthas and Some MOI anarthas - sloth, fear, stress, depression, internal anger or anguish.
	Solution - 1 view
		Identify lapse - expression could be avoided thru proper exception handling and alertness
		Address lapse
		Standardize for future
		Yogic solution - 
			BY - tolerate and intensify KC sadhana fire (nature of world)
			JY - See it in proper perspective and what ought to be done. REL talk to counselor - they give knowledge and perspective.
			KY - address pragmatically thru right action like speak up and observe the story so far.
			DY - introspection, think deeply research, perspective.
	Solution - alternate view (-0+)
		Problem Handling
			Pashchattap - take some voluntary fire of punishment - head on like social space.
			Prayashcit - think about what's desirable, undesirable - Read about pros and cons of doing and not doing.
		Stability - strengthen your VA - in fact, that's only thing you are allowed for some days. Schedule. Scrum.
		Solution - Intensify Yogic practice BJDK like stated above (Perspective, intensify Bhakti, practical head on solution)
	Anartha exists not only in sp but all PIES - in VA also - attitude is focus on artha pravritti and its resistance is the reason we don't like anarthas - do artha pravritti anyways. Strong bhakti.
SQ - Karma accumulation over many small instances maybe. So, dualities of material world to be experiences anyways but extract Krishna outta that is KC. Life is meant to be bigger than just VA execution.
SQ - PIES - KY - Karma yoga evolution
	varna platform evolution (fear)
	work for result for me - fear - partaking aportion to others or Krishna. only I am customer.
	desire - work for result but effort itself for 7's result entirely - some is customer for some time - attached to result still but effort itself engage for the customer.
	work with attachment (duty) - work dictated or guided from higher layer - so projct tasks are alloted to you and outside of what you would rather choose - dovetail.
	Work attachment but love - project undertaken for others.
	Another look
		partake result -> forgo some (result for work) -> partake some work (for self) -> forgo some work for self
		along those lines - Ashram for SQ but also IQ.
			partake result - share but mainly work for self; 
			forgo RFW - cooking for Krishna and no taking it oneself.
			partake some work - eg - cleaning seva, vessel washing - otherwise might not do.
			forgo some work - responsibility of department.
	Different view - R for Result and W for work.
		R4m -> R4(m+u) -> R4m + R4u -> W4m + R4u -> W4m + W4u -> w4u.
	Best Model
		Nomenclature - w1 - personal work, w2 - work for others, w - work itself, R1 - result for me, R2 - result for others.
		wi-> R1 (self) 
		w1 -> R1 + R2 - KK - donation, patron, supporting a cause. BG - thieves if not.
		w1-> R1(+R2) and w2 -> R1+R2 - SKY - cooking for Krishna then enjoying prasadam - for you but results also I like.
		w1 -> R1(+R2) and w2 -> R2 - NKY1 (Personal space - SKY + NKY hybrid - eg cooking but no prasadam favor but personal space I can eat anything)
		w1 -> R2 and w2 -> R2 but w -> R1 (NKY2 - Work attachment but also to Krishna) - eg - attached to department in temple.
		w1, w2, w -> R2 (BY - attached only to object of love and work and results are just utils or means)
	Sahaj pake wahi fal meetha hota hai - so although we have to evolve to perfection but not immaturely reject all the middle paths but acknowledging them and growing thru them AFAP while keeping prime focus on conclusion. Be yourself but keep eyes on the goal that truly matters and accept that final vision into life right now.
SQ - SAP Lecture - Mindfulness
	Intro
		paying attention on purpose, in the present moment, non-judgentally.
		neuroplasticity - what we think, do, pay attention - changes structure and functions of brain. @software changes the hardware.
		cab drivers more developed hippocampus than bus drivers - cuz different tracks identified.
	How
		train attention
			attention
			meta-attention - attention to attention
			Eg - follow breath, distraction (invariably not deliberated), notice distraction, reorient (and bring it back)
			notice body, feet, shoulders, etc.
			sustained attention, mind wandering, distraction awareness and reorientation of attention - different brain changes during all of them. New pathways created.
			The same tendency will come in anything we will do.
		self awareness and mgmt
			know internal states, prefs, resources, intuition
			clarity makes difference in 2 pictures.
			employees performance PROPORTIONAL to Self awareness. cuz when you tell yourself > when 7 tells.
			Eg - Journaling - Prompt and write something for it. Don't stop just keep writing - if nothing, write that "I have nothing to write" - follow the mind.
				Eg - to me success or being successful means....
				read what you wrote - it surprises you - not conscious so unconscious mind comes out.
			Self Management - manage those states, prefs, resources.
				reactive vs responsive - gap between them.
				compulsion --> choice.
		cultivate useful mental habits
			mental muscles like body muscles.
			often enough and it becomes mental habit. We become what we think - like how to become optimist.
			be aware first b4 becoming optimist.
			Eg - empathy, gratitude, joy. Different practice for all of them.
				feeling for others. for customer vs KPI - different results. social skills for any leader.
				gratitude - for granted. how of happiness book - factors to happiness is gratitude.
					if not for moral do it for yourself.
				joy - whom do we remember negative feedback - we more sensitive to it.
	one of most popular trainings in SAP - started by handful guys in europe.
	Why
		Evidence based benefits
			decreased stress and anxiety.
			emotion regulation
			social skills
			cognitive abilities
			enhanced focus
			better overall health and wellbeing.
		Impact result
			4 week and 6 months difference - well being, satisfaction, focus, creativity and lower stress. Log curve.
	SAP Global mindfulness practice JAM group. Registration link.
	subscribe so that waiting list - when planned you will be notified.
	COVID so virtual session 915 to 830 - ranju gupta - use jam link for calendar entry.
SQ - Episode of missed train to Vrindavan - not bad although it felt that way - cuz hankering and lamentation for Krishna is also KC or DS but ordinary can't see it.
	I couldn't make it cuz first, hacking VA is not aligned with Krishna's ideology. Some separation intensifies the joy and value and ensures you don't take that thing cheaply.
	have heard that train ticket isn't enough to visit Vrindavan - although this has deeper meaning - it was true for me very literally.
SQ - Manthara was allowed to participate in lila cuz part of plan - nor was her thinking wrong - she just didn't belong there - that's all.
	If only she was in worldly political environment, her concern could have been justified but she forgot that she was dealing with Krishna or Rama who are completely at different level.
SQ - Dharma => Artha - but current time, fallacy of counter positivity. People may have wealth but not prosperity - not happy.
	people do worldly dharma so opulence comes - of course, in not very sustainable way.
	nature ain't happy.
SQ - That's considered tamasik - who has seen next life 
	2 points - even in this life tamasik has effect on our behavior. Secondly, closing our eyes to a distant future is also tamasik and undesirable.
	smart people or intelligent people see a distant future and plan accordingly. Short sighted or preyas persuers don't.
	Now the question is how are you so sure that it is a future - so giving an answer in layers. DFD level 0 answer. Level 1 answer, and so on.
	Yes we have a degree of confidence - not 100% but it doesn't go ill with material life rather the two feed each other for maximum satisfaction so it's a win-win.
SQ - Why temples, there better be hospitals
	how strange we would rather have hospitals replacing schools, temples, business houses but won't stop wet markets.
	Anarthas from social perspective, especially the sinful ones - why jail cuz it is required. Sometimes no jail if not caught, legal escape or not legally serious enough, but it does trouble society in general. We need it to be in curriculum so that we don't regard materialism with extreme lust, etc as all in all and then complaining how you could act in such devious ways - duh, you created the dang foundation and you let fire spread. You kept them ignorant of anything superior than worldly lust - you are suggesting be in the world but don't over enjoy - surprise, we are ananda mayo bhyasat and dang what, if I don't get it, I will squeeze shit out of anything.
	From personal perspective, social observations were basically us (society is us and we are society) and we learn the art of rising above the basal proclivities but attraction for them remain. Lesser anarthas mean better VA and hence more rewarding material existence - lesser fear and more desire fulfillment, to start with.
		what about artha side, meditation has its worldly benefits, now that we have scientific observations to support that. More so it gives you foundational strength and instead of carrying VA out from side of fear (if I don't do I die or if I grab, I enjoy), we learn to carry them out from sense of duty or love - it is not extrinsically enforced anymore but intrinsically motivated. The power of working or serving outta self motivation - what can such person not achieve.
		I covered only Bhakti side here but temples are also supposed to develop (Jnana) and practice (Dhyan) Jnana, Dhyan and Karma Yoga - selfish works make you servant attitude not entrepreneurial (vyakti to samashti connection), A guy with lesser focus doesn't do good justice to any pursuit of effort (eg 75% but you studied it all), surface or superficial knowledge with people.
		The deeper levels like Nishtha, Bhav (not fake, authentic self), Sakshatkar (realized knowledge not surface level), Samadhi (of course more focus), BKY are more or less alien to other people or their worldly projections can be achieved without vedic centered focus but yes, vedic centeredness like other astik yogic traditions can build a great strength thru vedic references like vedic maths, etc. But let's not focus on those deeper sides much.
SQ - Humility to recognize that you fall short 
	even those who are at 99.9% they also say that they are short but more important that saying that is that you do something about that shortage. 
	The gradient descent is what matters - whether it is 85% guy saying I fall short or more sensitive guy at 99% saying I need to do something about it.
	Also is this falling short - shortage cuz of anarthas or artha pravritti - both I believe.
SQ - VA is better than animal life and it is meant to evolve you but ideally VA should be seen as util for something transcendental - it is a great help in artha pravritti and anartha nivritti.
	ESMD are needs as raw and basal as animals need them - to evolve beyond them we have VA facility which can be carried on Fear and Desire platform also. Which are once again anartha from ideal perspective but more evolved than former.
	Solution to what's so natural is either transcend them thru spiritual practice which is honestly somewhat difficult - transcendental taste so much that it engulfs need for lower layer dependence. So other possibility is regulation - i.e keep it under control - do the needful - address the need and focus on what's worthy of it. High level VA but mating desire should be evolved to be seen beyond sensual sense but also on other layers.
	Price for the ends - st we want ends of KC interests but would rather do means that are not to Krishna's likings as if means would justify the ends - that's not how KC works.
SQ
	4 effects of kali - hypocrisy, quarrel, rebel and independent.
		Less Spirituality and more asuri (enjoying spirit) are primary identifiers and RCA of all probs.
			Wanna enjoy or usurp or squeeze as much grat - so sinful and resource accumulation - so can resort to unethical and unfoundational (there is not foundation or pivot - only somehow or other pleasure streams) behaviors 
			of course, the list ain't blatant 0 or 1 for everyone but is in range over population - normal distribution.
				some take shelters of spirituality to different degrees and get the list affected accordingly.
		Hyposcrisy - 
			losing congruence of words, thought, action - integrity, honesty and hence hypocrisy - eg may say something but you can't trust that. Get to desired ends somehow or other.
			Also, inconsistency across and within, lack of transparency, manipulation
		Quarrel - when conflict of interest arises, there is no identifying the center of attraction and mature resolution (cuz don't even know it) rather compete and snub and fight.
			even innocent ones end up in that cuz pointing out other's hypocrisy also causes quarrels - cuz don't have a pivot themselves.
		Rebel - Accepting authority as long as it is in best interest - switching authorities, or usurping someone's authority - cuz maximizing grats is the goal. Of course need to have necessary karma homework for the same.
		Independent - Don't wanna be accountable to anyone cuz thread of focus is grats stream. Being dependent or being an exit in the social, etc framework is very restricting to your grats so they won't like that.
	Anartha Nivritti - Jnanedriyas tolerate and avoid consciously. Accept favorable - discriminate and determine.
	Say sorry - when wrong, to improve, when not sure then for relp; when right, then to avoid arguments.
SQ - Science of Anartha Nivritti - self notes - 
	if you are experimenting with anartha nivritti, don't be surprise if some combination results in class 0 instead of class 1.
		Cuz you are playing with training attributes so althought valid, experimenting to stop it or learning the pattern isn't the best approach.
	best is accept the authority and a little play is allowed on top of that - so conformity then spontaneity.
	anartha nivritti has 3 stages under 2 headers -
		expressions avoidance - sustitute with positive actions and layered improvement - SVAF (Spirituality Varna Ashram Foundation)
			specific concrete anarthas (or surface anarthas expressions) removal - (anarthas expressions you wanna avoid) - recognize the patterns and avoid them.
				stop the stimulus jnanendriyas, stop karmendriyas, so forth.
			generic concrete anarthas (unmanifest or deep anarthas expression) removal (ocean if full of fish - surface fish are not whole picture - such expressions possibilities cuz we have the seed for all of them)
				bhog vritti (concrete), sanskars (concrete), accept favorable, reject unfavorable - don't add more dirt, keep cleaning the existing inkpot; problem reduced to specific concrete whenever encountered.
				fan takes time to stop but speed keeps on getting reduced once power is turned off.
				niyam in ashtang system - shauch (cleanliness body mind surroundings), santosh (FAVS), tapa (SVAF), svadhyaya (reflections), ishwar pranidhan (peer baba, DYS strongest reason although I didn't like it)
		RCA and uproot - abstract anarthas removal - no possibility of expressions of anarthas cuz proclivity itself goes away - template no longer exists.
			higher taste, constant engagement - pursuit of excellence - very strong artha pravritti.
			Layer the problem along with svadhyaya to ensure that top down and bottom up meeting
			2 solutions - associate with spiritual for taste and identify the material shortcomings for distaste (can even be thru experience but that's not best - hear, experience, etc).
			Different stages of focus - ego if not spiritual but that's anartha of another layer.
			how to get rid of bhog vritti itself not specific concrete vritti or specific sanskars - this is not a mind repository problem - it is soul problem (in relation to false ego)
				mind fixed in DS - other "training" eg of others, PD, etc - International "Society" for Krishna consciousness. Eg - watching Hare Krishna world.
					even small association with KC establishes some distaste for worldly pleasures pursuit for time being or certain duration.
				so even intellect is below it. Nourish intellect with right inputs that will impact the free will.
					While intellect gets trained concretely but also abstractly that I want Krishna and not just worldly games.
					like lecture on worthlessness of worldly pleasures in comparison to spiritual pleasures.
				So, right ego or identity can be a great help (association).
				For free will, higher taste can be a solution. So, PD associations thru books and lectures - talks about PD. High hopes from spiritual pleasures - mahatmya.
			not that lower layers of grats will lose their pleasurable potency but they won't attract you like fireflies lose their potency in daylight.
SQ - VA a great favor but falls short still
	VA is platform to streamline ESMD - the more robust we make our social infrastructure with economics game theory, the better streamlined grats are experienced - in quality and quantity. Underling pursuits may still be ESMD but by standardizing some norms and protocols we end up making a set up that is highly rewarding - this is transcendental offering so that we fulfill grats needs while choosing a platform which is purer in spiritual sense so constant ESMD difficulties of material nature, intended for purification of jiva, may be minimized and grats maximized. 3 kleshas and grats of different layers.
	But problems will still be there in VA because of following reasons -
		roll up of ESMD - the channels may be disrupted by 3 klesha triggers. Even that's intended for purification. VA gaps increase the pain but gaps are bound to be there as long as the pivotal point of spiritual oneness doesn't exist 
			yes, social moralities can be of great help or mutual exchanges win-win - I help you so that you help me later or you did in past, or makes me feel good right now extrinsically or intrinsically (suble body) but intrinsic (spiritually backed) tendency to help may be missing.
			Eg - COVID19 disrupts your plans, etc.
		from drill down of spirituality - the purification is still needed so 3 kleshas become desirable from that standpoint.
		can't change the nature of material existence - it is a foreign land for soul - like fish outta water (bodily), man in alien space (mentally)
			like with others, the adaptation layer can be created to suit body in foreign atmosphere like submarines, space suits; family in foreign land, your country restaurants, etc; Although this adaptation layer enables you to bodily and mentally survive, the fact of being in foreign atmosphere remains undeniable indicated by diseases at both levels, intrinsically not belonging there.
		spiritual shortcomings are bound to ping you - attachments unfulfilled leads to troubles. Food for soul can't be replaced by worldly foods (not just eating). @Parrot in cage, etc.
	so while VA helps you to evolve, it falls short on spiritual grounds and gives reasons for spiritual evolution if you are intelligent.
	what can anand mayo'bhyasat soul do when such grats channel disrupted
		Tolerate
			remember you are animal - animals also have sporadic fulfillment of grats and pain. So how do those souls manage?
			remember you are soul - tolerate. Even grats are not true food anyway - just escape mechanisms cuz spiritual needs appear to be addressed.
		VA Distributed System - worldly robust systems - seek help personally and professionally (VA) - google search, a friend discussion, professional helps like removing house bugs, etc. 
			Escapism - Dependence on other stable systems to feel good. Yukta ahar vihar also. Can't replace solving the problem but regularizes you little bit.
		Spiritual Solutions - long term actual solution. Immediate pain relief but permanent solution is a little involving and time taking so patiently and with enthusiasm invest into it. Take the moment as opportunity to realize the importance of transcendence.
SQ - Nice point by Prji about balancing across life dimensions ! I will like to add another angle of vision (which is, btw, learnt from the spiritual teachers).
SQ - https://hinduism.stackexchange.com/questions/22064/has-suhagraat-1st-consummation-of-husband-wife-honeymoon-been-mentioned-in
	@RakeshJoshi is correct. garbhadana is the samskara. It definitely should NOT be done on day of marriage ('first night' commonly portrayed in movies). In fact, for minimum 5 days, brahmacharya vratham must be maintained by couple.
	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanskara_(rite_of_passage)#:~:text=Sanskaras%20are%20not%20considered%20as,known%20scriptures%20in%20the%20world.
	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nishekam
SQ - 1 way of evolution is rather than seeing all relationships as utils for ESMD or VA grats, you value relationship and see it in love 
	people call it humanitarianism but that's just 1 of the reflections of spirituality. Going bottom up vs top down - both are ok but latter is better.
	now not that relationships won't act as utils! They will. But that's not the sole basis. Center of attraction? I think that's mutual benefit and soul love in balance - evolving.
	You may think of it as office and home relationships but genuineness is missing - well, duh! of course, that's expected - but if it has a portion of genuineness it is VA - the realm orchestrated by Krishna. Otherwise in ESMD or animal life - it is explicitly self centered, in VA is implicitly self centered. In Spirituality, it is implicitly selfless which may manifest externally time to time.
SQ - Price of godhead in 1 life - Nishkaam karma. VA with attachment good for few lives. VA without attachments with moksha goal is 1 life. VA for Krishna is already liberated (platform of liberation).
	but you can't deny svabhav not can justify not doing KC in name of svabhav (repercussions are real) - so cost function reducing and profit function increasing is the constant evaluation metric of svadhyaya. even svabhav can be engaged without lots of focus on fruit so evolution is very systematic - fruit, then nature, then self.
	how to be ensure that your svabhav is fully addressed by VA - discontentment if not fully aligned - eg Brahmin in labor realm will find some dissatisfaction and all such combinations. The degree you feel satisfied to that degree you are aligned - this goes back to "Follow your bliss" - but narrow view of this statement aligns you with material or conditioned svabhav but not constitutional svabhav.
SQ - Donation concept - evolution. Extremes wants living with me saving vs stringy present compromise. Ideal is balance - needful living now & planned future or rather secured one - why cuz expenditures are sporadic besides periodic ones.
		So buffer is required - Rupa G used 50% concept but idea is "do the needful now" and enough stock (reasonable) for future - savings - having swimming pool of gold isn't saving - that's greed to maintain wants.
	Hand to mouth -> savings -> Recirprocations to favors -->exceeding in your reiprocation (why? cuz patron now) -> Self ideologies are already met so now social ideologies - patronage or resource supply -> Internal company (not supporter from outside but from inside)
	Grihastas evolve to eventually start caring for the world - vasudhaiva kutumbakam - 
		of course, charity begins from home - not in mood of being greatest.
		can even be mistaken as anartha but more about self evolution to really care for loved ones, society, etc 
		but yes, not that you are feeder to anarthas in others 
		you just do needful, tolerate anarthas in yourself and others but really supporting in growing circles of influence (oneself, family, society, etc)
	Rajrishis of past - favor your ideology and don't ask for any favors.
	Donation of money, donation of resources, donation of self dependence, donationof spirituality - so different levels of donation or favors - ensure ur donation doesn't paralyse normal VA behvaior but encourages it - FAVS or SVAF.
SQ - Tensions over ESMD or VA - NIC are actually Krishna's grace to ensure we avoid paap karma - expressions of anarthas in unlawful or adharmic ways.
	paapam kutam, beejam removals are also parts of anartha nivritti stage only - but expressions or paap karma has to stop first and foremost - prarabdha are also there to ACK and accept.
	Be in Krishna's alignment - ensure until you are mature enough to take spiritual tension you take VA tensions or rather user stories dictated by NIC.
	Interestingly Krishna arrangement will automatically withdraw obstacles when you are mature and you won't mishandle or further implicate yourself in paap cycle - the anartha nivritti phase.
	People getting similar realizations is a testimony to perfection of knowledge (raaj vidya) - also I had seed from voice days.
	Also experience should take u or bring u to nowledge but those who understand and accept from hearing are also there with pros and cons.
	kutam weakening. Sanskar Vritti etc - by feed right wolf.
	paap, punya, Krishna aligned :: MOI:MOP:MOG - not aligned, aligned for self, aligned for itself.
	paap cycle far more imp to break but punya cycle also is a challenge.
	But too much tension isn't good - that beyond tolerance - propels 1 towards basal tendencies cuz anandamayobhyasat - of course solution is fallbacks in FAVS but yukta tensions - perfectly choiced ones.
SQ - MMN on citizenship - 
	game theory to exploit the rules to advantage is Kripana and MOP - immature and short-sighted preyas.
	MOG is shreyas; MOI denying even your need - pressure cooker burst. 
SQ - Sex in MMN - Self Denial is MOI; FP or 4 regs breaking is MOP. For procreating KC is MOG. Because alignment to trans is MOG (incentive to support a behavior);
	Marriage is for this MOG - needs addressed aptly. Of course, it's in range so too much with wife also MOP-ish.
	Porn is painful punishment. Fap is foolish frustration. Masturbation is Madness. Pursuit of nudity is non-sense. Orgasm is lightening - I was real lightening that doesn't end in seconds. NoFap is what I believe in (evolution).
		Infy results (latter training period), Infy no initiative phase in pune. Talking to self saying what the heck am I inviting for my life.
		KGP - I deserve pain for this; prayed for pain and got accident. The fire didn't extinguish.
		Voice denied (maryada vyatikraman by reading sections untimely). yearning for light - seeking temples. Crying in wilderness. Didn't matter if even ragged by basti people.
		walking in bibwewadi. Night walks in Yoga during GATE preparations.
		Walking in hinjewadi - not even putting up a fight to stick around - like a hockey ball.
		Socially defunct (auto cylinder dragged). Stock of laughter cuz couldn't protect arg in NIT JSR.
		No effectiveness pune auto welcome - what I did 1 day before in mysore.
		Infy trainings - Topper first; surviving later (what had changed?)
		VOICE misbehavior across.
		Bad eg at VIT VOICE.
		Jagannath Puri lapse and very angry there - Krishna arranged some meeting and I felt better.
		IIITB strong opposition phase (started long meditations, long walks, prayashcits, etc). And continuing to pay the price anyways helped.
		It has been engulfing SVAF all along - so animal behavior reducing FAVS.
		Address the need thru transcendence (serve even menial and Krishna) or regulation. Befriend socialize in my case my seniors advised. but with maturity you can also choose it.
		So yes my seniors were mature in that sense. MOG > MOP. RSP didn't fall for poetry of do you want me to join? VAP, KTP, - brutal honesty and right directly. BGP also honest truth - prob ur social circle will help not temple.
		problem sustained cuz still not letting go - so pythagorus it does make you weak in SVAF - against which you can stand and fight still.
SQ - Use case of temples - deity, food prasadam, lectures, kirtan, shravan, dhyan forums, service engagements and offerings possible - karma. Live Krishna's ambassy (Bhakti).
SQ - The prob in top down and bottom up - both alone are immature but together they're powerful so SVAF as a package + svadhyaya.
SQ - Krishna's just male or human or female - he encompasses all the characteristics in full. Think of Krishna in n-dimensional space (with some dimensions being male chracteristics, etc) - he is INFINITY in all of them. It is a model  not literally there - it is analytics tool.
	Using 1 space dimension to denote time - so these models are logical and "analogy"-cal - "Mano" alankar in hindi and logic on top of it. Let x-axis denote time for eg.
	Also worth observing that male and female although both in human cluster (characterisation into human class possible) are still separate clusters with some spatial distance - the interplay across location, varna, gender, species, etc are orchestrated by transcendence really well - eg mother sister wife although a little different in subtle body (n-dim space) are very much similar and are arranged to mutually serve each other in useful ways for evolution.
	Btw, the point on this space are based on subtle body primarily - although soul's state (desires, etc) and bodily things can also matter.
	Krishna uses mistakes also as opportunities. So, if grateful - don't thank mistake - thank Krishna - we have 1 execution trace - don't know what could have been - even mistake was not meant to be random but stemmed from existing problem (anartha) given a stimulus. Eg - I started chanting decaying Panchatattva mantra on abusive word spoken but that's like benefit of some bad association chosen in past - yes, but thanks for Krishna not bad movie. I would have started chanting for some other occasion otherwise. Krishna's favor transcends conditions and conditionings.
SQ - Have u seen God - best response- he already has revealed himself to some degree if not value it - why would he reveal more of himself and / or not revoke existing - what should be the basis. it's a long process seers may also not value him like Duryodhan seeing Krishna - even virat roop.
	sadhan is like seed; fasal is like sadhya; depends only one sadhak's effort but also more like weather but only thing in sadhak's hand is sadhan.
	REL - some good formula found by mayapur devs - can you readily share that with your company friends or family friends - especially with some who are not favorable to that dimension of your being - no! cuz of center of attraction and revealing only what a person is ready for. Similarly Krishna reveals what a person is ready for.
	Krishna won't reveal his intimate lila to newbie for obvious reasons.
SQ - Solution abstinence or paschatap but sp is far more effective and necessary.
	Jiva has huge backlog for perfection.
	Anartha nivritti is getting rid of BV (Bhog Vritti) - cuz it's an impediment for focus (bhogaishvarya prasaktanaam...)
SQ - Solution to mosquito problem - more like SQData.
	avoid - clean, aerated, unwelcoming and unfavorable for them - coils, etc.
	tolerate and safeguard - mosquito net, be mobile; rat food separated by SP's father, etc.
	solve - kill (last option), VA help personal and professional - mosquito repellant vaporizer, etc.
SQ - Devotees are foremost Krishna's tadiya and Krishna gradually reveals himself to right candidate with his devotees association but forcing one inside is maryada vyatikraman like Shurpanakha.
SQ
	Human intuitions may not entirely be paramatma but conditional probability based on past experiences and bayes' theorem updating the probabilities after every encounter.
	So is paramatma visible in nature or worldly orchestrations - is it not conscious particles moving in n directions as per their plans and chance bringing the decisions to coincide. Well law of attraction. 
	So, if nothing else where is paramatma visible - refer to shastra so that we have scriptural base to do aroh pantha (like many astik schools - corroborate while doing independently, start from the base and build on, etc).
SQ - There is no good bad - relative world - all coordinates for other points with respect to a point are relative but that doesn't mean coordinate system doesn't exist.
	of course good bad are clustered and discrete points - we do have conception of desirable outcomes and undesirable outcomes which we call as good and bad for personal self and the idea can be extended to family, society, district, country, world, subtle self, spiritual self 
	REL if you keep demeaning that's not good [for you] - so good doesn't exist? Of course, it isn't good but you fight then play the game with no prior knowledge and get consequences (good or bad whatever but they don't exist).
	Now a stand to say that goodness or badness exists at worldly objective level but not legal level or spiritual level is our willingness to deny it for continuum of grats.
	Even grats are fine tuned and integrate to bigger number if regulated. Of course, bhog tyag also has affect on cumulative maximum grats.
SQ - Boundaries on sex - across society is a normal distribution - some ok with suggestions, some with view, some with S&M, some with atrocities, etc.
SQ - Revelation - HH BPSM lecture can't be shared cuz they are not ready. Similarly, Goloka lila can't be revealed to me cuz I am not ready
SQ
	First overriding principle - Unrelenting desire of both individuals to make marriage work thru KC.
		C - complement, complement (fulfill the other - poorak of the other person), correct on need (for their betterment not jlt)
	if desire, then resources will help - books, discussions, counselors, scripture, Lord in heart (inspire)
	bimar then hot water, little massage and respect grows like anything.
	why appreciate - "it is their duty" this is flawed attitude - the same vaishnava would appreciate other devs in temple - that's vaishnava nature to applaud but that misconception should be avoided - be grateful.
		nourish a quality, value you, wanna be happy with you in all situ, serve together willingness (seva vritti).
		be explicit in appreciation not just having in heart alone - gift with wrapper and card but never given - what's use.
	Eg - sasur ji never complained that spices not apt. Giving gifts to all with no demand (that culture).
	KC business is appreciating each other in DS. Charity begins at home.
	Incompatibility
		Marriage is process of
			changing and accepting change
				don't resist change.
			of settling difference and living with difference that will never be settled.
				I don't wanna change - then may not like to live after 6 months anymore.
				change for stri is huge than male - whole ecosystem changes so sahasi.
			of drawing close and pulling apart and drawing close again.
				differences are bound to be there so endure what can't be cured.
				problem at surface solution but also RCA so willing give it time.
				don't take differences between male female seriously; it is not worth it - KC should be so large that such small differences don't matter.
				The prime focus being ability to serve together with greater efficiency - vivad over what meal to have. it ain't nothing.
			compatibility also includes living with our spouse's faults. Anyone can live with another's good qualties but can you live with that person's weaknesses?
	How to deal with differences (inevitable)
		laughed it out - hasya matter a lot. Chaddo pare.
		sometimes coped with
		sometimes negotiated - being a relationship like others.
		sometimes accepted
		sometimes they are complementary.
			towel on bed et - so spoken else you do it.
		sometimes waiting and praying is the answer.
		by focusing on closeness, differences become manageable; by focusing on differences, closeness disappers.
		the more one advances in consciousness, the less affected one is by aonther's failings; conversely, the more neophyte we are, the more failings will irritate us.
		communicate - casual / transactional, conflict / vad vivad, friendly talks.
			trust never lose (should grow). befriend - intimacy and closeness should increase.
			Eg - walk in evening and sharing talk every - rule by sas sasur - good practice.
			3 ghatnain - that always cause conflict - there is pattern to them. What trigger them.
			what will you do when negative thoughts come in you - ghrina, etc. Deep breathing. We know what will pain them most - we do that. Can we avoid that - generalize to "always you do that".
			friendly talk is needed especially during marriage and during menopause.
		doing right thing at wrong time (00,01,10,11)
			angry and late - then first peaceful - oh, must be exhausting day and last b4 sleep take take this up. And not anger for coming late like MB mode.
			chanting at night is right thing at wrong time.
			choose important not always urgent and important. 11 is late, 10 is the way to go always.
			if detect cancer in phase 3 then it's too late.
			grandparent relation is very important.
		Mistakes 
			label chadhana - you are like that only. Your mother not taught you.
			Judgment on intentions - you must be thinking, you don't even want to help me; etc. 
			Blaming - avoid negative modes of communications. Like problem with friend - how would I solve it.
				When you do x in y situation, I feel bad (z) - instead of blaming.
			Taking for granted so respect.
				Eg - express that b4 12 - I feel like bell ringing in my brain. Expressed then no problem. 
			Not communicated - Be specific what you have thought until communicated is not known to the other person.
		sounds very difficult - knowledge that can't be taken out. So much good qualities - not difficult really.
	Material world we are in - water the root and tree is nourished.
		we water soil not root - it percolates to roots. So relp with God is thru devotees (soil).
		if can't devp relp with wife, speak nothing of devs and Krishna who is not even visible.
		Grihasta and devotees are not separate things but strongly related.
		divorces in KC is bad repo for ISKCON.
	If wife not respected acc to shastra then laxmi doesn't like to come there. Legal is more favorable to women but don't get there. Confront if too much.
	good ecosystem they are bound to get attracted so don't worry about it.
	women don't open up is a problem they get victimized. Tolerate for 4-5 yrs then realize mistake and cant live without. situ changes - nth persists.
	Take shelter of Krishna - he is the one who saved narakasur's captives also.
SQ - Repeat whatever is given - My approach in BD is keep showing and moving fast - someone not interested, move on without anger and don't waste your time - as soon as some interest is shown spend some time there. You hear 2 lines - speak 2 lines, simple.
SQ - Russian devs - unethical from country standpont but ethical from spiritual standpoint so corruption at country level so transcendental morality they followed but in such cases the immediate does cause probs but Krishna's love overrides eth - collapse of communism in russia. May be I am wrong but need to explore that.
SQ - All tendencies exist in us - mayavad, atheist, demoniac, divine - we have to water the right tendencies. And stay cautious - by grace of guru we are aptly directed.
SQ - In KC I have engaged in various kinds of services even Vaishya kind services of finance management - account handling - Making Journal entries, General Ledger and Balance sheet.
SQ - It is just shifts in population stands based on past experiences. Oscillations effects 
	Eg - once brahmins exploited society, then SC started taking advantage and now move against casteism 
	KC is not about joining the oscillations but maintaining firm shastra centered stand and avoiding extremes of all kinds which may have historical reasons.
	same thing with different social stands - more often than not, things get diverted to extremes - sometimes while opposing the extremes we take another extreme stand.
	our pressure cooker of tolerating extreme behavior, bursts with another extreme behavior.
SQ - Duhkhalayam ashashvatam.
	Grat desire + access
		00 - neutral (tyaga) - potential pain for lost opportunity.
		01 - yoga - normalized ; becomes neutral and no longer exciting.
		10 - dukhi
		11 - enjoyer or bhoga - perseverence or tapa for attaining it - different prices at different layers - incentivized for evolution. Tapa means heat or paying the price - so although not equals duhkha but tapa means fire.
	pain stimulus
		0 - neutral
		1 - shit
		n such pain stimulus for every layer's object in world
SQ - Reinforcement Learning - Invoking actions from agents. Inception of behaviors in agents for an ecosystem or environment.
	Material world forces us to sanitize our behavior thru punishing and rewarding towards MOG - MOP and MOI are both pain causing to others in general so this behavior is sanitized towards MOG. 1 misfortune of Kaliyuga is MOP and MOI is very much rewarded but of course MOG is not punished much but only a little bit (taking work as duty, not burden).
	Eg - normalizing extreme social behaviors is rewarding people for their MOP. Someone enjoying himself to get rewarded for not having to work and when people fondle it, that's rewarding them.
SQ - Humility, Self Pity, Self Esteem, Self Arrogance.
	Humility is cost function (I have so much to learn and grow) vs self pity (I stand nowhere and there's no hope for me). Self esteem is profit function (I can deliver this) vs self arrogance (I am superior to your score). Both former qualities are required for evolution in SVAF.
	Spiritually yes, I have got so much and I can give so much is self esteem but I have so much to grow and how others performed spirituality better than I did.
	See, these are facts anyways - of course, subjective like PD see 99% as a lots of room for improvement and newbies think 60% is quite a lot.
	See, these are facts - for 60% guy to say that I fall short or that I have room for improvement is not a bad claim - it is good claim that he wants to improve and wherever there's a will, there comes a way. But PD saying the same is of course, coming from their subjective opinions - yes, wrt to their state yes, factually every bird can fly higher no matter where it is at present but they stay our role models cuz their flight is higher.
	Humility in SVAF that I have a lot to improve on but self esteem that I have worked a lot on things to serve others the best in all the respective realms.
SQ - Manipulation like ads, auto driver - it is reward lesser than investment - so material world is anyways far lesser reward than what soul deserves for its investments.
	hankering and lamentation created thru bill boards or good will created - so when you buy their product you feel far more rewarded than otherwise - manipulated!
	Brainwashed - no longer using your brain - terrorist blackmailed to throw a bomb - his ashram attachments "taken advantage of" to render "service" (or disservice) in varna he otherwise won't do
		was he manipulated - yes! more of "taken advantage of" - won't do you bad if you act in that way - so no punishment is the reward and acting in that way is the price.
	Brainwashed terrorist - who buys into the theology 
		bad eg quotes to support the interpretation of the paper (scripture) - they buy into your architectural implementation or framework or platform based on the paper 
		and then their thinking is reduced to thinking within the boundaries of framework. 
		So, this is not new cuz even education and work, etc all restrict our thinking to what is right in front or at hand and not larger picture - this abstraction helps ease the work.
		Then, where did these terrorist went wrong?
		they went wrong with buying into the usecase of the framework - they bought into the purpose of framework or the paper's interpretation or rather, misinterpretation.
		This large mistake, any thing done absolutely right wrt to the larger mistake, retains the action being a mistake.
		They accepted the usecase cuz of their subtle body in the respective state and they are fully responsible for buying into it.
	Buying into work, buying into education, buying into barber, buying into meditation teacher, etc - we buy into things all the time 
		manipulation within limits is permitted within boundaries of VA although VA gravitates towards equivalent exchange 
		too much manipulation against your self interest is called as being victimized. 
	Brainwashed is when you can't even see or figure that you are being victimized (a larger ecosystem manipulation is at play).
		As observed before, brain is always used but it is manipulated to different degrees using psychological principles of nature.
		Brainwashed is not "tendency to make mistake" - it is "tendency to be illusioned". Illusion is when you can't even identify or realize the mistake - it's beyond the identification scope.
	The allegation on spirituality is that it is that illusion which victimizes you. See, the kali effect in play! Snake is rope and vv.
		Politics is name of game in material world so this material world seeps into religion also sometimes so no wonder that they have some bad training eg for the model to be made but that's a bias - bad training examples have trained your model.
		So, the whole point of proving that spirituality has rewarded in past and people stay cuz there is some trans reward, etc and in the very least it is within bounds of VA so no complaints possible but it is much more than VA - that's the further point - that it is not just "a socially available service to be consumed" in exchange of TME, it is much more. But just being VA is enough for it to not be an illusion.
		Like all other things, this framework also buys into a paper which is super awesome - world family and personal evolution, professional commitments, ethics, etc.
SQ - Not natural self so forgetting to serve others.
	Forgetting to render the utility services or vision services 
		washing pots is util 
		to identify that such things need to be done as part of plan or pattern recognition of what goes on is vision
	So, in beginning, attention is required to ensure that you act leader although leadership isn't spontaneous you.
	Eg - Cleaning the room 
		forgetting to complete vacate your things 
		If you are fast at overseeing things you can become instant manager and start guiding others.
		If you are not fast at implementation but only at overseeing then people may not like it much.
	Eg - Forgetting to take utensils to the basin.
SQ - Shelter can't show anger to sheltered. A leader (even elder brother) is meant to guide their sheltered, their dependents to ultimate perfection. I already am a leader.
	Eg - Anger in papaji leave the place; the higher purpose is unity in family and not being correct in a context.
	Learning - whatever pricks me, I won't do that to someone else. I happened to prick someone, I will not repeat it.
	Ego triggers identified in yourself but stay sheep at home and wolf for problem solving and not showing teeth to the world.
	Eg - Fad apni kudi and mama cried - Surabhi dd. Pressure cooker todna hi. Principal giving work cuz no khushamadi. What of lady finger cutting what if there's insect inside.
	Please understand the value of love. All family members suffer cuz of me even if I am genuine.
	Maturity is to act like elder brother when in fight with younger brother. 
		I won't say that the response was wrong - it is natural to act the way you did but maturity to learn from it and not repeat. 
		He says that you are like younger brother and you are hurt, that means that you really are younger. 
		I know it is difficult but when trigger for ego hurting is identified, there is an opportunity to grow further. 
		More opportunity of Anartha Nivritti and more attraction to Krishna.
		This is what will happen - you will be untouched lotus of material world - you are always in connection with Krishna - trying to act in alignment to higher purposes.
		cuz for you much more important than conditional context (which are anyways important), the constitutional alignment is far more important.
SQ - some tests seem to be somewhat difficult but they are in alignment with end purpose - surrendering all the layers including ego in front of supersoul.
	Purification wise - if under guru ashray then even if 50-70% purified then it will be taken care of.
		Think of it as classification problem and if Probability or accuracy is > 70% that we can work with it 
		@like recruiting a candidate - we don't look for 100% tailor fit but best fit and right aptitude and attitude.
	Some live a life of already ego aligned with Krishna so they don't have to face similar tests where you must make a choice of making Krishna above your own ego
		but that's interesting part of KC right - what an awesome culture we are under 
		you are not forced. Nothing wrong if you don't but tests are arranged that you can clear
		such a price paying independently is difficult 
		but given the subtle body state and self state, willingness, association, worldly arrangements it becomes simple 
		still not easy but simple to be able to evolve gradually 
		you can empowered to face them and even culture to suit you to make such choices.
		Greater the price, greater is the reward. So you should feel happy for the purification.
			This price is transcendental to all prices and rewards at different horizontal scales of lower layers of existence 
			but whole setup (VA, Dev Assoc, Acharyas and parampara, Krishna, etc) wants you to succeed - only your willingness is required.
SQ - Why no fear? because you have bhakti for it. Once you know why - what and how can be figured, the necessary skills to cultivate, programs to join, people to associate with, etc.
SQ - Education (Jnana), Guidance (Dhyan), Culture (Karma).
SQ - in 1 sense, surrendering ego may feel difficult but is not difficult for a practicing devotee 
	you are qualified to face this quiz 
		all it means to ask is whether Krishna is valuable enough for you which is such a simple ask, given the premise that you wanna love him and stay with him, etc.
	for the one already aligned, such test is not even needed. Only for 1 facing this problem should have the probs or wounds exposed so that we can heal it.
SQ - SP was successful in worldly eyes and was not the case in worldly eyes but from spiritual standpoint he was always successful.
SQ
	Service hurdle - like leader doing the redundant work but ne1 could do but he gets credit for it - well, taking lead is his responsibility.
		other hurdles like micromanagement - such situations don't inspire rather discourage service.
	Krishna has put tiger in certain situation (as per desire, etc) and deer's flesh is made tasty so it is difficult for e1 - some defense mechanisms and hunger troubles, mate troubles for predators. All for purification and their spiritual evolution besides fulfillment of their desires.
	Tattva knowledge can be raw but honest ppl will like it no matter the flavor. 
		You get to attract a cluster of population and for others some flavor works well so we need unity across all people 
		tattva is raw logic and reasoning which will attract honest people for sure even if not very poetic but devotees are poetic with absolute truth 
		their poetry will attract different people.
SQ - Faith in Krishna = Trust.
	Eg - no trust in college time that next day I will wake up KC -
		good in a sense that you have a positive fear (result of good training and upbringing and backlog and kripa) 
		but the very first rung of the ladder is so weak - shradda - trust or appreciation is missing.
	so is the case with marriage - trust Krishna.
	Service is trans and more demanding than lower layers - even material service for object of affection or not
		eg - 100 things and 1 shortcoming enough for somoene to bitch about and whine about thereby discouraging your from seva but seva really important from trans perspective not immediate reasons perspective.
	Escapism is also ok but it is not durable - cuz it fails to address 1 most important thing - cultivated nature or svabhav. But if 7 could manage that's also ok and world should not have a problem with that. Not saying that it is a best stand but it's fine in itself.
	Material world ocean has both poison and nectar - we gotta excavate the nectar from this. World has it both.
		In VA - a little leakage from idealism happens and is even expected to which material nature adapts and people adapt and Krishna makes arrangements.
		standardize whatever befalls - it is about facing problems head on and doing whatever is necessary. If KC gets compromised, claps for Krishna.
SQ - Spiritual education - its recruitments, its applications (integrations), administrations leveraging it?
	like with other fields like Computer Science, Electronics and what have you.
	acaryas don't like money minded approach on spirituality but following happens but following can be notes
		well lots of acads based occupations like spiritual teachers, yoga, meditation, etc.
		guidance on world view wrt worldly events - different from psychology which focusses on creating you a mind map - this is a subset of former + more.
SQ - Sanatan Dharma is chamber dictionary - more precisely it is the eternal occupation (the translation) 
	now this won't fit with the priori mindset (religious studies) of fitting this framework, rather a platform, as just an exit in the framework thinking that we have devised.
		muni - they don't follow the platform as explained but come up with their own - and may or may not refer to scriptures for corroboration.
	Is it a competitor framework - no, it is poorak of any framework - you have right to live life the way to like and propagate but has its repercussions.
	Avroh, Aaroh, different schools of philosophy - That way sanatan dharma is the chamber dictionary cuz it accomodates all the systems inside it and is more.
SQ - whenever I stretch more of than enough consistently in FAVS (in MOP) then you should understand something is already making a bhakti compromise for it.
SQ - Inspired by Cdm Story - Extreme is very easy - e1 falls prey to it and idea is not focus on mean position like crazy but talk about higher purpose and the layer will find a means to come to MOG. Spirituality is that kinda pull from the top - it will eventually align every lower layer by its force. But we should bottom up also else it can have flaws.
SQ - OR PIES - Self esteem vs gratitude vs confidence vs congratulate vs humility.
	on scale of 0-100 with 0 means being absent and 100 meaning perfection, let's say you are at 90%.
	this point of being at 90 means you are 90 units away from 0 - this should be your self esteem - knowing well what you know.
	This identfication and working on -10 points is humility part - you know what you lack and are willing to work on it - even learn from 90 units part to reinforce, recitation, etc - so not proud for it.
	When you work on it - you may come from 90 to say 92 in a few days - you must congratulate yourself for that. and this is your confidence vector that you will navigate towards 100 in every situation.
		You are also very grateful for those who helped you evolve from 90 to 92. So, that's gratitude part - 90 to 92. The focus is on progression - that's excellence and not perfectionism 100% - that's recipe for discontentment.
SQ Stories - I have sit on rath also. Embraced deities. All budget lost in craziness. Dancing people very heart touching.
SQ - Talk - Shurpanakha - joke nature that won't switch. She ran clean chit but Ravan died - so who is Shurpanakha behind the Ravans in society - Movie industry.
	they need protection - not dabana; it's like child - freedom not to jump from roof, fire - freedom s.t safety and when threat to safety then no freedom.
	Martial art black belt 3 is must. But doesn't mean that you walk alone in streets. Body and psychology are different - weaker body for females - check wrestling.
	buddhi zyada hoti hai then also you accept that it's different. Pregnancy for 1. Can roam world without exploitation.
	Isn't it more - truth can seem more. Comment if you see so.
	1 SIGMA to 6 SIGMA - Airplane is 12 SIGMA - 1000 cycles but should be able to bear 1 crore revolutions. Came back safe from outside - that's 1 SIGMA protection. You were lucky.
	Encash on strength and not on weakness - invest on children. Leave husband then gotta do eth yourself work, child needs, etc - just solve relp then so easy.
	>50% marriages in world are arranged and Divorse rate for arranged marriage is 6%. For love marriages, 1/3rd break in first year.
		2nd and 3rd marriage 75% break so where's love.
	control media shurpanakha and then ravan won't go mad. Then sita can move.
	independent - then also dependent on company - dance on their tunes. No1 can be independent - not even men. Even bound by boundaries.
	rope of independence - smoke then lung cancer or bronchitis.
	Paurush that's why such such bhaav coming in women - so get training in gurukul - get power.
	if stri doesn't see anything in lallu then why would she wanna follow.
	female - family breaking avoid thru samvedansheelta. If ziddi then it happens.
	one feminist book writes 40 years what truly need is not career, waistline, big house, nothing but Good Husband, Good Babies.
	#deepest desires of soul and not lower layers of pleasures outta wordly influence.
	If alone and happy, then she is denying or lying.
	How happy you are by amount of people around you and nature vicinity and how fresh clothes. How pure you eat.
	stri feels apurnata without husband. Even water myself and no1 to take care for.
	Working - that's personal solution not social solution. When you can search and see dirty pix in internet then seeing a woman alone in night what good thoughts will come to his mind.
	Choice is yours how safe you wanna be - I have given my indications directly or indirectly.
SQ - Material world starts to carry significance everywhere this is because Krishna Plus anything is is putting one in front of many zeros and makes everything so significant while independently they may have very little value.
SQ - Spirituality - not just knowledge, but qualities of acharyas also come in you - by association, service, etc. 
	Ideal disciple is willing to take discomforts for preceptor's vision and compassion. Deeksha kaale jiva kore aatma samarpan - use me. 
	Grudge or resentment -> no forgiveness. In grudge you want to throw hot coal on sb - somehow some loss should be there for other person. 
	We are here to purify ourselves. Ppl like prithu are btg qualified - faced with person who has been spoiling ur yajna and forgive him, even accepting his way cuz that's what superiors want. 
	Sb doesn't tell smooth road of kc but probs which they faced in kc. Is his consciousness affected by modes of material nature or unaffected.
	Krishna puts us in situations or tests to show us our standing, accept it and keep growing - maya is obstacle but also a favor - you don't learn from 2nd class you get same class test again.
	Material world is for evolution thru such worldly situations. Hare Krishna is thanking the Lord - so much gratitude that names come out.
	With probs we grow, without them we are just lax. Cricket is interesting when there are challenges.
	#kc may take any form or culture but the substance is what truly matters - no need to be obsessed over the form - lije currency can come in many forms but amount matters in transaction. Of course 1 culture is better than other in terms of how favorable it is for kc. Like paying for car in coins ain't best idea. Reading online books, notes on smartphone - well, it's connected to Krishna.
	Asking Krishna for material favors is like asking richest man for favor of 1 rs. Ask Krishna is like prasadam server waiting for you to ask - it's ?sakhyam. Krishna giving himself is also a big deal for him - do we reveal account details to everybody. Favors, etc is all cool but giving yourself away is something - becoming property of devotee. You have Krishna so you can give Krishna so pleasing acharyas - yasya prasadad, finding faults with devotees is not pleasing to lord. Corona virus scan in every country so is scan for spiritual world - impurities not allowed there.
SQ - Spirituality - Ecstasy in KC 
	salted bread prabhupad saying that you are helping me in following the orders of my Guru Maharaj hearing radhanath Maharaj sometimes, when I said that some duty may have some short coming but Jagannath she is only the positives and later on felt sorry e from the devotee him being senior with appropriate words that I speak what is right irrespective of how appropriate it is that's my immaturity please forgive me - accepting me as a new devotee. My heart melted thinking that it this is a symptom of love where my personal ego is subordinate to Krishna's will. Many philosophical gratitude moments have also so deeply satisfied me. Gratitude for wife and all things of the past but such experiences may be biased by little input.
	Also, daring to say that Krishna let other devotees be superior to me and let me inspire others like other inspires me the network of Krishna consciousness. We need democratic lions. Change in micro realm of dev whom I adore as a teacher - should not be a problem with me if it is then that's my immaturity. As far as what happened inside the box, let there superiors take care of it. I don't have authority to judge. All I know no is that my teacher was really mature and learned besides humble. So either something can be done about it which periods will evaluate or there is nothing to do maybe there are lessons to learn nothing else box still remains a box and anything favourable for Krishna consciousness should be accepted and remaining should be rejected.
	During prayashchit phase, no independent grats, only resolute ones. Learn to see women as VA ideal - mother and not sense objects (moi, mop, mog vision, soul tattva view, gopi spiritual view).
SQ - Material world is duhkhalayam with (angle of vision of) spiritual bias, harsh shok from conditional existence perspective, an ecstasy from spiritual perspective - a journey home - inconvenience tolerated but also assists your kc development so nothing in vain.
SQ - Jayapataka M - even when disciple ill treats, he won't let him go - this is bandhan of KC.
SQ - Why is conjugal love so special in material world also - cuz it is Krishna's orchestrated realm of VA, it works in your favor so marriage is not a mistake; marriage is a blessing from Krishna.
SQ - Marriage as oneness is a utopian concept far from reality - like other rasas in material world, the madhurya rasa is also only abhas of the original cuz it's 2 embodied souls with anarthas and different MMN, visions, conditionings, and most importantly enjoying mentality, come together with expectations for rights and dharma so don't expect spiritual world in material realm.
SQ - Krishna is like a parent who controls you from a very high layer - lower fine tuning left to oneself, society, laws of nature, etc - frustration on why he doesn't control these lower platforms - well he does thru one having bearing over the other but best learning is hands on; the one where you have full control and then learn the lessons.
	3 fold miseries can also be seen as 3 stages of control - to decide on what takes place - mind stops you, society stops you, laws of nature stop you.
SQ - Krishna run time controller -> busted with that - compile time controller is a robust argument cuz philosophy is truly sound with details like MMN and all.
	Expecting Krishna to control society or personal like Haridas T, Jesus Christ and Russian devotees and thinking that Krishna fell short.
	Let's understand this properly - There are layers of existence - Supreme Controller (Parameshwar), Laws of Material Nature (controlled by demigods and impersonal), Society (human, animal, plants, etc), Personal.
	Every layer controls the layer under it thru game theory and lower layer has a bearing on the top also. 
	Material Laws dictate social behaviors - align them to VA to a pretty good extent but leaves some empty space for non-sense support. 
	Social morality or best self interest is to align itself with material laws and so forth.
	Similarly, Personal self interest is to align itself with social game theory - rules and laws and practices - so to study them and conduct ourselves accordingly is not just in our best interest but is also necessary.
	Any disalignment can have punishment like with other layers - like suiciders who choose to disalign themselves with material laws.
	So, if you don't understand lacunae in the social frameworks like laws and customs, cultural norms, etc - that's actually a limitation.
	Now, the question arises, that transcendence wants us to think material world - yes, of course. Even purely thinking just worldly and nothing else will give you perfection in few lifetimes. But deep thinking can make it faster. So, people saying - flow with current or let the breathe go on are good statements but are more of a fallback when spirituality is gone outta picture and is not the first thing to decide on.
	When you are busted with spirituality - then other layers of existence or game theory, still continue to exist and disalignment with them have its repercussions.
	When social turmoil from enemies or friends - inducing fears and different emotions - affects your personal self then it is a proof that your subtle body ain't spiritually advanced enough to handle them. At least logics should help you in such situtions.
		Eg - annulment - 50% - well with marriage it anyways is so I should not mind the worst of the worst cases which ain't even happening (probability - cuz doesn't corroborate with facts like not getting registration, etc). I can always join temple and make it minimal. They are earning respectable people who won't go for it. Krishna mirrored thru different people in society -> do we accept Krishna in worldly forms - expression of rebellion. Reasons for me to grow socially (laws understanding - lacunae in the system), can start business to hide from society my earnings, youtube channels to help people in society from the gaps, etc. helping others is fun - shit matters about material world anyway.
SQ - Krishna's control in social realm - can manifest thru people like SP accepting doctor's suggestion on morning walks.
SQ - NFP - personally agitated by social pressures - I could withstand for long time - being taken for a ride especially in money - just proposal for it was too much to take.
	solution is understand the realm properly and when things are factually outta control or hand - just accept it as past karma cuz ur current karma had not problem.
	Sometimes friends can also induce agitation thru their love - transfering their tensions, anticipating problems that were unforeseen (that may or may not be true)
SQ - Everything happens for good. Huawei to fire 60-70% of its employees in India. I was already recruited there. But not R&D so even that would have been safe.
SQ - Story - HH BCS asked for prasad he said send to my room and so gentle. I don't know why I was hiding from him. How is everything gentleman or young man (sth like that).
SQ - why fear material world when I can worry or fear from Krishna - eg ghost nrisimhadev pastime. Desires both karma based and asking from Krishna based. Etc.
SQ - sb stories are anyways not demo of Krishna active control but Devs stands and Krishna's high level control orchestrated over complete story not a portion of it - even with prahlad, without conclusion story, it's incomplete picture. Embroidery st over lifetimes like bharat, vritrasur, etc. In bottom-up world, this was perhaps best for evolution.
SQ - tolerance and spiritual depth - ocean doesn't boil easily. Tea cup boils very quickly.
SQ - I remember once when I kept waiting for bus which came after many hours I lost my patience. I understood Krishna as active controller doesn't mean that a new bus would be inaugurated that day morning. Once I realised while walking that it's about both seeing down and seeing front. Cycle riding in jsr - driving till far off areas like railway station, adityapur for flowers, campus, etc but damn so many punctures. Fun speeds. Lots of lifts - once got from ias officer on car, once auto guy just upset that I didn't give money cuz I had said lift only. Once jumped inside the rented room - knocking from window. Bad photo on newspaper in extension and new way but was accomodated after troubled time thank god. Travels to kgp, some remote areas of appearance like 3 Acharyas. Kolkata temple earlier pune temple visitors so many was fortunate got the best bunch. Sine die in jsr so some core spiritual experiences and rsp visits. Our prominent batch after 1st, 2nd Sine die but our successors still better but I had to leave - I had good reputation which rsp disapproved that ppl are after charisma and not kc. Rsp love and affection in simple acts like service in plate. Gauranga pr's affection. Once a demigod temple and experience with Acharya ratna pr - once alone time and he explained the paap cycle & sankirtan ananda on paralysis in analysis, our amazing kanai thakur or and intro to salted bread I loved reading at night and missing next day mp - I had written most mahamantra in kc - kidding. Night outs talking Krishna and skippin next day mp - just see kc. Once closed almirah with leg which a senior didn't like, I learnt lesson. Grihasta's home or deities installation. 1 iskcon in bistupur seen when a slum guy didn't want to drop me at location but saved. Went to one gaudiya math in sakchi - long travel for sake of prasad for some days - the godcousin of rnsm had tears on hearing about sp - followers picked a fight about why iskcon only onto city ppl - no, it's for all I said. Have money to seniormost which he accepted even without seeing - took his blessings.
SQ - anartha expressions also problem like stealing but more problematic is its existence. We act to rectify thru triggers avoidance, pattern recognition besides other things as follows. Pashchattap is punishment - rape with organ failure, stealing with monetary penalty, etc - prayaschit - suitable atmosphere to realise the folly or lapse. Discipline for righteous cultivation - va for jivas - normal distribution - many do va outta fear and desire. Push yourself in situations and improve in gradient descent. Spiritual upliftment - bhakti, dhyan, jnana, karma, etc. All of these especially last ones help solve existence of spiritual problem not just its expressions. Don't get mad - it's natural to fall over weakness at one unwise moment - that's why focus more on artha pravritti. Empathy for criminals - they act evil but ain't evil in their essence but just that bhog vritti for sparks denied them the warmth of fire. Anartha of anger as eg when trigger was given - they followed similar pattern and acted in ways that laws of physics and biology permit and give implications. Like with polity, you can lord over nature for preyas but miss out on shreyas - nectar vs poison x now vs later. So yes, anartha expressions is also a problem but solution should uproot the problem not just cut leaves.
SQ - I ain't antarang shakti but am marginal or tatastha cuz I am attracted to bahirang also. But every story is attractive - don't miss out on that.
SQ - Papa Cycle
	Avidya (Ignorance) -> Bijam.
	Paap -> Aprarabdha (unmanifest) -> A, Kutam (Stock, seeds, sinful disposition) -> Bijam (Sinful Desire) -> Paap (Sinful Action)
	A -> Prarabdha (Manifest reaction) -> Phala (Fruits)
SQ - NFP solution - counter for all - I'll always exceed potential downward pull - measure it to manage it - always > by a factor 2 at least or 4. Counter and streak in parallel and no excuses.
SQ - MOP means pay the price for grats - such people get the human life again. MOI means want grats without price, hacking into grats - such people get lives below humans.
SQ - jivo jeevasya jeevanam - living entities take care of each other - so world is purnam. Paalan karne vaale bhagavaan hi hain.
	@person taking load on his own head while being on horse.
	janma dene vaale bhagavaan hain - maadhyam hain parents so goes with maintenance in life.
	attraction within grihastashram is good for worldly people; for DS, mutual with Krishna center is very favorable but each other is not very favorable for husband than wife.
SQ - + engagement > Pashchatap (avoidance of -) - but generally avoidance is a desirable step when one is infatuated. Or rather facultative engagement.
SQ - sin is dharma viruddha - extreme grat of a layer - which is a hack - to avoid paying the price for lawful fruit - is it MOP, MOI? It's both but dharma viruddha (VA not sanatan dharma being talked here).
SQ - ghar nahi aashray ke prati aasakti that the things affect us.
	aasaktiyon ka ham aashray lete hain.
	sthool ko chhodna is easier than sookshma items.
	dhritarashtra's fear of losing his aashray - main nahi to mera sharir extension should sit on throne.
SQ - very surprising that Krishna's mercy makes you humble not proud. or anything in Krishna's connection, for that matter.
SQ - Law of karma on psychological layer - vyakti se samashti ke impact. but at the expense of anything larger at work.
SQ - problems are many times only in the mind as the worst case possible outcome of all possible scenarios. This is adhyatmika klesh. That magnification of problem is not result of karma - need to confirm this!
SQ - Spiritual Theory Aspects
	ppl should buy if they want - they can be forced to buy by past, present or future favors or promises.
	theory should be tested against predictions and existing data - but the thing with spirituality is that many intangible stuff.
		7 bought a theory that suicide bombing will take him to heaven - where did he go wrong?
		he didn't show skepticism to an argument or assertion - why? WIIFM? some favors or culture, etc.
	solution is it should be sensible (no self contradition, won't mess anything existing) and verifiable (milestones) and a leap of faith - placing a bet.
		can relate to those who have some experience and what they say - verifiable aspect - thru 7 else's milestones.
	They make you lose faith in senses - good use of DS but point is nevertheless valid.
		there exists a universal set of knowledge and we witness that there are few informations that were unobtainable thru mere senses and mind until we saw another aspect.
		why bother for more - more knowledge opens more avenues - life was still going on without a theory on gravitation and magnetism but theories around them transformed the face of earth.
	all arguments stem from a genuine concern but extreme measures may be taken to express that concern - we have to consider the rationale and do justice to all statements that sync with your heart.
		if they don't - try to understand the other's point of view and arrive at solution.
SQ - association gives artha pravritti and anartha nivritti (positive and negative costs)
	with every interaction instance we confront this cost and have an incentive for gradient descent in order to minimize the cost in the next iteration of association.
	thus, association automatically opens the way for bhajan kriya.
	all the while the motivating thru anartha nivritti (and artha pravritti)
	thus sadhu sang => bhajan kriya => anartha nivritti.
SQ - chinta ajnana ka phal hai.
SQ - The force is atmendriya priti vancha always
	vs krishnedriya - why you won't go for 64 for prm and spoil VA.
	the thing is higher layer pleasure is superior in quality - that's why we want to go for krishnedriya and others - but it's entirely for self.
	but like any layer - it has its own set of rules - so saying that I am doing for self doesn't help but surrendering to it is what unleashes the pleasure on that layer.
	surrender to a layer is not mindless but has be in balance with pleasures in other layers.
	standardizing or regulating pleasures helps focus on surrendering to layers with focus - the things or projects or targets that truly matter to you.
SQ - Krishna lila purpose also not just love but also service - and attract our love and our service towards him
	love - to sadhus and service - unburden society of miscreants and establish dharma.
SQ - When you are addicted to bad usage of resources, abstinence is good and desirable (paschatap and prayashcit - powerful concepts) but better than 0 is +. Positive usage is where we want to be and not no usage.
	take it usage of senses, usage of internet, usage of ego, etc.
SQ - SQGrats Feeling of separation when back from VOICE to college phase and as if hearing you will be here for a while. I felt heartache that time in grief which is not common.
	Feeling of separation when Mysore first day - I will be waiting, waiting for you.
SQ - Karma needs apt apparatus of all conditions being met and substratum being right so why will Transcendence miss the chance.
SQ - special mercy is when mercy isn't the best case. It's mercy when fulfillment of your vision (which is formed outta worldly awareness and your best bet) is granted. But in some cases, this is denied so as to put you in state for greater evolution than your original vision. Of course, corollary benefit of your attachments getting questioned brings you spiritual evolution but hankering denied can be risky if contemplation continues, it's a pressure cooker then.
SQ - nature is constantly speaking to us but audible to only a calm mind and it's not "fulfillment of wants" based but reaching the needs based - and reaching the needs can be a DAG of any length - even 1 edge on that DAG isn't arbitrary but has guidance - in the very least about working of world and jivas are doers to some degree, importance of material realm in terms of laws - must align, existence of worldly elements as response to material nature, every edge is a story - spiritual world is infinitely powerful story pack - every edge of worldly experience is a spiritual story also.
SQ - I needed some change in product I was working on and open to other development tasks also but got what I really wanted although I ended up applying for all 3 kinds - systems, applications and Data Engg. Such incidents make a point of law of attraction that universe conspires in favor of your desires. So, this proves that there is more to life that physical or universal laws. A person ain't a robot but a conscious force defying laws every moment - so there is something beyond body - who governs the laws pertaining to this trans force.
SQ - Worldly experiences
	Drinking from mata pravesh - Punjabi to Hindi and drinking feet water - you will be amar.
	Baba - offerings on thursdays - asking for favors like car which were given - so respects from distance. His son enrolled in madarsa for relevant training.
SQ - Be agnostic in general so gotta learn DMPM of the world and align with its working - but say thanks when feel gratitude.
	Why not normal theism - cuz auspiciousness isn't visible in short view always.
SQ - Fraternal relationship
	surrender of eth for ego in some charismatic ppl - org society so what if such practices are normalized.
	heros - freedom fighters, spiritualists, etc. gotta do practical stuffs but who's awesome.
	Finite Insubstantial Temporary (FIT) acronym - purush (person) and prakriti (perfect creation) not stri. Analogy of husband wife cuz roleplay not original spiritually but natural in alignment with subtle body.
	No endurance no cessation - why compromise 1 for the other - that's foolishness.
	Triggers - NGRL.
	bow down and smelling head Pandavas. Arjuna sleeping on Krishna's lap.
	vayasas just like Krishna in many details. Decoration.
	Govardhan is heavy - hand it over to sudama or at least change your hands so that we can massage the other hand.
	aghasur ate boys then Krishna's tears and lost himself for a moment.
	4 groups - well wishers, friends, confidential friends, intimate friends.
		a little older well wishers - carry weapons for his safety. Eg - maybe aristasur and not cloud - started wielding shining sword, got plow ready.
		Eg - mandalibhadra's looks and attitude - he is tired let me massage him silently while he takes rest.
		Eg - baladeva - decorations, face, broad chest, complexion, garments, grave voice, strength, long arms.
			his birthday so don't go kaliya lake and will bathe him with mother yashoda.
SQ - God as Supreme Controller
	Our plans don't work. Other controlling factor. => I am not but others maybe. When none of us then nature and its chance factors - probability.
		Cricketers and superstitions - can tap good result. Drops the catch means god on myside - only imagination but attributed cuz of bias.
		Blind destiny or chance?
	Scriptures say so. Compile time or run time.
		jiva, jagat, jagadish - jiva controls jagat cuz insentient. How did Krishna find center of gravity cuz he is source of gravity.
		jagadish control jagat fully and jiva also.
		not absolute controller - given freedom - control jagat or acc to will of God. Addiction - ragging drink once. get drink, then drink gets him. Matter eventually controls jiva - but other ways difficult to realize. Tech vs ayurveda.
		ayurveda is medical science but encorporates spiritual dimension of life. Destructive effects without God.
		Laws of gravity => we are controllers.
			Ecologically - we will conquer cruel nature.
				we didn't inherit from past but borrowed from future.
				tsunami. we can't control but gotta harmonize with nature.
				fossil fuels and land shortage.
			tragic sense of alone particles wandering around. Many attempt don't succeed and many don't get reported and so many crimes.
		it requires intelligence to realize that our intel ain't enough.
		God is the cause of all causes, but he is not the cause of all effects. But that makes him compile time controller only.
		We have unlimited freedom within a limited framework. God is the framework, even prakriti is the framework within which we have our freedom exits. Prove that there is sth transcendental to prakriti - jiva is but not always. We are trans to entities but not the framework of laws (which governed by demigods) eg earthquake after petroleum taken out.
		deterministic natural laws don't prove no controller just like laws of state don't prove no Chief Minister or cabinet. 1 can ignore personalities but can't ignore their system.
		Active controller means ability to change and don't they but even when they don't interfere they remain controllers and have the ability to exercise control by constitution even if they don't.
		CM - crisis manager, welfare, aware of probs, rules making, execution - police, etc - it means God desires and demigods act accordingly this system can be overridden by him also - equivalent of law of karma or physics denied. But Krishna normally doesn't do that.
			Prakriti favors denied but law of karma so he won't most of the times. ability to CRUD demigods (update thru chance events like Indra brihaspati episode). 
		World crisis so what does god do and how does he do welfare to world - desire fulfillment and strength in people to raise voice but can always attribute that to psychology and probability and game of chess - rebellions get crushed.
SQ - In metaphysical transcendental study, there can be auspiciousness (DAG of events giving a favor), inauspiciousness (to be assumed as shreyas but smalls DAGs that apparently give disfavor); Pure random or haphazard. Surprisingly enough, the world around us which is observable moment after moment isn't purely random - the DAG of events from metaphysical perspective doesn't things that surprise us and the odds of that happening in pure random space was very less. Eg - Law of attraction (of course mental programming to see it but what about it showing up - what's the probability for that).
	coincidences that a person on radio says what we want to hear.
	A sound inside me telling me to breathe deeply - no intuition cuz it was irrational (intuitions based on past experiences and impressions is also not based on conscious layer).
SQ - reflections from Nangal episode - Karmic reactions show up in physical immediate level 
	people keep distance from people of bad mentality or restrategize their dealings. Physical long term agnostic level - it creates social culture that they eventually witness themselves. Mental level - you may be in country of your choice but still suffer cuz problem is in your mind. No matter where you go anarthas by their definition have potential to cause trouble at 3-fold material miseries level - by entertaining anarthas (not just lust but also intolerance, etc) you don't make it easy for yourself.
SQ - Thru the series of events, my mistake of not taking a strong stand against loved ones got challenged at level of social realm and veredict kinda forced us to do what should have happened already. Disclosure of life events to another place where the marriage proposal was being discussed.
SQ - 6 stages of conscious evolution - annamaya (life as food), prana (energy), mano (mind), jnanamaya (vedic knowledge), vijnanamaya (self realization), anandamaya (bliss in love of god).
SQ - NFP - What's wrong with it - nothing, it's just one of the possible courses of action which is taking your consciousness way too low in its proper practice but otherwise, it's unnatural and addicitve is the biggest wrong thing.
SQ - all rasas in material world show only semblance of sp reality but lacks experience in quality and quantity cuz wrong foundation and our anarthas and restrictions on reciprocation. Brahmacharya is life is more focus transcendence and less focus on regulation.
SQ - Energy is the essence.
	Energy worshipped as diya lamp - it is energy which is called ik onkar satnam, man andir told to radhaswami follower, jativad for social working, poetry so that it's not easy to change them. Jnani papa is - all conclusions are correct but seen from jnana's perspective. When in fear, we seek shelter. Different demigods vs different energies being worshipped. Temples incentivised not just as spiritual sources but also as peace sources - from BY perspective, DY, JY, KY, KK, etc. So let's not corner these institutions. It's essence seems to be fear - place for introspection - you worship outta fear like parents we don't worship - what about outta desire. Mandir jaana paap nahi hai. How we develop frameworks as per amount of logics that we can fathom - adding a statement can either incentivise growth or degradation - it mainly unsettles. When did Rama Krishna have happy lives? These are good questions from JY perspective. We worship ideals thru these personalities - only young gods not oldies. Modi is worshipped cuz of contribution right now - we are worshipping energy to attract energy. 6 opulence that we are attracted in world - cuz shakti is worshipped. Energy to be ambani - channel that energy in that direction - law of attraction. Why did I never have such effective JY communication with papa - cuz of attraction to different energies thru JY, BY and considering myself already in knowledge and not willing to suspend my understanding in favor of other world view - obviously cuz it will have expectations. Preaching means imparting energy - relate the idea is making 7 attracted to your energy thru words thru actions, etc. You see a person running and you get inspired but you cultivate same "energy form" or "energy expression" - relate that you see dancers on tv or in front and wanna dance like them. Why did I have problem with career in beginning while I am so smart cuz I was not attracted to those energy expressions manifested thru. Ppl in kali age attracted by these energy expressions - children born as per energy expression conducive for their growth. Being Punjabi is an energy - a Punjabi person on that energy may not get attracted to a specific otherwise valid energy expression - eg less fighting attitude, etc taken as combination. KC culture in a person is also has something attractive and something not so much like riches, fame, etc. A person is famous cuz he vibrates on energy that I get attracted to - clustering - we like ppl like us or how we like to be. So yes gotta vibrate as responsibility on those vibes - for healthy varna and ashram besides SVAF - you don't vibrate on ashram front as if it doesn't matter, don't be surprised if lesser allies and lesser effectiveness. I am Indian so yes I like indian songs and movies (statement by Kritika) so gotta vibrate. Youths are attractive cuz they are filled with so much energy. Some bad associations drive us to the energy expressions of anarthas which drain away our energy which if properly channelled can be hugely rewarding - channelling energy to "energy expressions" which are worthy of investment. Eg - seeing bad movies and then we wanna try them ourselves. Light from hand aito that person - such pics indicate flow of energy expressions.
SQ - all my anger against God, circumstance etc is result of lust for respect or expecting output in certain ways, etc.
	Of course, respect helps us serve better so ensure it's there but the converse doesn't deprive us from service. 
SQ - my default is atheism or impersonalism but I get amazed by DAG or cyclic graphs of auspicious that I see emerging from life events.
SQ - Atheism and anarthas are important. Atheist is also 1 view of AT like elephant perceived by another blind man or a projection of higher dimentional reality.
	Anger in MB, Hanuman, etc. SQ evolution you transcend the taste for them not value - you don't fight people would standardize accordingly.
	No lust is a medical problem and so is over indulgence. Ideally only that taste for KC >> taste fulfillment from lust.
	Importance of atheism - not that god doesn't exist but a need for determinism of material world without a need for God. Bus missed not cuz god wanted but cuz of bus timings that you didn't know. Why did medicine end cuz eb else consumed it.
	Getting a DAG is more of a surprise in the pursuit of purpose or meaning from transcendence - rather we make purpose and it's surprising to sometimes see that universe assisted us.
SQ - Decision making made easy - Bhakti (DS) > Seva (VA). Grats allowed but not dicision criteria > Health - weakness of avoiding loss so confusions - face them. Bhakti means act with right intent or not - worry about goals. Avoid ati prayas, action aligned with nature. Maximize grats with seva.
SQ - maybe asur but st they pay the goddamn price > demigods just that they are not aligned. Eg karna jarasandha - can't be demigods cuz not aligned but price they pay is huge to be god of the arena.
SQ - Krishna is impersonal thru material natural laws. Passive controller but active controller is more of a retrospective realization. We can't override material laws but just adapt ourselves for science and tech.
SQ - We are the proof cuz we as souls defy laws of physics every single moment - not our body but us. Inner sound of paramatma but could very well be intuitions based on experiences.
	DYS 1 proves existence but not active controller part.
	Law of attraction proves sth. Desire or karma - not always visible - exposure or revelation cuz universe has a narrative and not chance like dice.
SQ - Yoga also means alignment of mind, senses (working and knowledge), intel - else just mind can land a person in troubles like moth.
SQ - Use KC increase SV and decrease BV.
	Less tolerance and any service less reciprocation so frustration. More expectations of grats and small boring stuffs so consumerism grows.
	with that comes exploitative mentality.
SQ - NFP - favorable not - physical - overeating, late sleep so won't get up; mental - sanskars, vritti, locality of ref, etc. BV - lack of higher taste.
SQ - Major is KC. Schools I have studied all. AT is like elephant and all world views are like blind men holding onto some aspects of reality. None are wrong but are limited.
SQ - best expression of anger against god isn't hate or breaking regs - these things only hurt you more but to ignore him.
	gotta standardize illusions also - escapism but you don't have to go all the way to break regs but just break the pattern.
	It's a sign of spiritual weakness if you can't take it.
SQ - no God comes to help you until you decide to help yourself. Anything you run after (Peeche pad jaate ho), that gets solved.
SQ - energy centers or channels
	Letter and sounds believed to have impacts on specific energy centers or energy channels.
	What about dance? Yes classical and disco - there is some difference - energy burst vs energy channelled to emotions and expressions. Similarly ESMD, etc.
	Superself
		Spirituality - dogmatic, judgmental, addicted; anger at divine, weak faith are all signs of imbalance too much or too little. Life of service!?
		Imagination and intuition (see what others can't - in time, in depth, in width, in trains of results - far sightedness) - architect.
		Communication, creativity, expressive (preach) - foundational - energy engagement in interpersonal behaviors.
	Self - Love compassion - soul - energy engagement in service.
	Subself
		Power determination (achieve) - energe engagement in intellect.
		Pleasures - energy engagement for SG - sexuality, pleasures (senses and mind)
		Existence - energy streaming stability stability - bare bottom needs (FCS or ESMD) - body
SQ - NFP Traps - measuring innovations - where all I have fallen, fear of falling short, stimuli accessing when vulnerable like midnight phone in proximity.
SQ - BG Conversation stack, conversation conttent stack or nesting.
	Wide vs depth - planned hrs vs streak of effort - both are necessary in balance - so conformity with spontaneity. Basic width of minimal commitment of planning but streak is fun.
SQ - VAP Talk - collective intelligence ant colony algo - used at ISKCON.
	Preaching is not professionalism but sharing good fortune so yes, not too deep dive but helping others with good fortune. 
	Solution to envy is praising others BSS used to use.
SQ - ScienceErp - Taxonomy - Lots of permutations possible
	Macroscopic - Earth and Cosmos. Newton physics, optics, etc.
	Life
		Society - Psychology, History, Economics, Civics.
		Organism - Physiology, anatomy.
	Micoscopic - Chemistry (atoms, molecules - physical, organic, inorganic), Energy (Thermodynamics, transformations) and waves, electronics, electricity, magnetism.
SQ - Complaint of why I got into that situation and gratitude of taking me out of that.
    Getting into situation is meant to be seen as karma - you don't like to see it that way is different thing but avaroh would like you to see it as that.
SQ - Religions - mutually exclusive vs same one all. Offense - doubt broadcasted instead of clarified. Psych distancing of 1slf or itself OR mindless reasoning and justification.
    Prove vs improve.
SQ - why are they "enlightened". What if they are not - in aaroh pantha - we don't think they are - just become a subscriber with assumption.
    Not closed to inputs from others ppl.
    Even VAF is based on a happiness hunt premise. We run, be grateful, study, tech, play cuz we think there's bliss.
SQ - Aaroh pantha - KY is equivalent of VA in aaroh pantha - growth along this also takes you to perfection slowly though.
    How? By taking MOP / MOI to MOG - on a layer for the sake of MOP of higher layer.
    Maya is in  laws of material nature - external or internal - shiva durga controllers so important worship here in material world ppl do.
    Krishna is passive controller or controller or controllers - yes he is passive controller - cuz active controllers are shiva and durga that's why shaktas and shivites.
SQ - Share our good fortune - if nothing greater than this - I ain't doing wishy washy stuff - I've to get perfection for every endeavor I do.
SQ - Material world is for grats - no, for purification.
SQ - it's always selfish. Point is where the selfishness is best served - be intel selfish.
    greatest selfish interest is in selfless love - but can't be explicit about it. pursuit is friendship - uanalysis is the undercurrent.
    it's obvious but it's formal and exciting.
SQ - goal ain't NFP but brahmacarya. life of continence. Oj, Tej, JY, etc.
    What if's - lies I know; DY will take care of me.
    If trade-offs then I'd rather choose shreyas of yoga (or at least worth taking risk).
SQ - Ishwar in 3 ways manifest
    sp energy - yoga maya energy - transformation.
    law of attraction.
    PD interference (not actions but situations)
SQ - RSP saw potential - spoke iindirectly but I should also try to tap that potential in KC.
    we're like non-entities so find better reason for KC than personal narrative-giver.
    For SP like PD - yes full spiritual energy but not universal.
    I ain't internal potency - proof is anarthas.
    Even 6Gs - to call them manjaris ain't good attitude (KTP) - you ask me I'd say they were PMs in that kingdom who turned to DS.
SQ - Spiritual system is distributed not centralized. Power stays distributed not concentrated so no infatutation, pride and no domino effect fall down.
SQ - Krishna is not good or bad - nor are we supposed to stay till this realm - we gotta transcend to the realm beyond good and bad
    BG Krishna says he is both good and bad but being conditioned we want good or bad in terms of grats - we have to rise beyond.
    Why Krishna did sth to sages in past like Hiranya's time - cuz even they had to rise beyond good and bad in terms of experiences.
    Good experience give a great incentive and thus facilitate progress but so can bad experiences sometimes.
    That doesn't change his being supreme well wisher - cuz best self interest is not getting what we want conditionally but constitutionally.
SQ - Women so many people behind so a situation not favorable for spirituality. Facilities for worldly fun and culture of enjoyment.
SQ - All spiritual paths including atheism use jnana and dhyana to get to a final perfect state of being - having love or peace or bliss.
	If not trans love - experience worldly love on spiritual layer in VA again thru service and alignment in the same layer.
	Services in spiritual layer can manifest in all forms below - like making ur clones, making others achieve, making others feel, etc.
	Prerequisite of these services is self service - self love - first all layers for urself then others, of course in regulation.
	As per VOICE training, we get service spirit or attitude but concrete services for others is far more rewarding when it's a service reached and not just intended.
	So, live a life where you ultimately reach or become worthy of spiritual world or realm of love (at least in material world).
	Live a life that gave lots of services in VA at all tiers.
	Live a life that made you special with time and others inspired by it.
	Live a life that always achieved something and helped others achieve.
	Live a life that was fun emotions ride and all offered them to others.
	Live a life that involved all the senses - knowledge acquiring and working.
SQ - are we pseudo Dev's that we are not getting purified as SP says in purport - I will add my bit to the list of already good answers.!!!Actually we are getting purified of material contamination.
	To start with we identify anarthas as disease and don't refuse to be patient.
	Next, We can restrict contamination to mental levels and don't let it aggravate to intellectual and false ego levels so clearly disease isn't spreading which is "normal" course to happen.!!!When pandemic is around (current culture) and quality quarantines and hospitals are less, it becomes a little bit difficult especially when we are also not fully convinced cuz of past lives backlogs.
	So, our purification does slow down.!!!SP says that what is scope of improvement if we don't follow rules and regulations - in my case, I have seen myself evading or getting casual with some spiritual principles mentally (intellectual is difficult, given our awesome training).
	It's adherence to principles and the alignment which makes it work not just the externals.!!!Also, patience for patients is the answer.
	BVT says anartha nivritti is the longest phase.!!!Surrender means to align - Krishna's guidance in BG, etc is the key for us.
	Good that you raised this - the ones who are sensitive to purification, are bound to get it - if what and why is clear, how becomes easier!! This can be devotees' humility to think that still B MINUS A is so huge - while that is true, we are still approaching B and come quite far.
	Some grow like normal trees, some grow like bamboo.!!!!So, let's landmark our progress on anartha nivritti from effortless failure to effortful failure to effortful success and eventually to effortless success - just let's not fuel our anarthas with silly mistakes.
	Success is guaranteed for us - getting rid of manifested anarthas and then getting rid of unmanifested ones - thank god we see only fish on surface and not all fish in the ocean at once.!!!!Long road - is it easy - no but definitely worth it esp from spiritual perspective.!!!Also, we need to be Krishna conscious, not anartha conscious.
	First, is favorable cultivation and u favorable diminishing is like fan slowing down after switched off.
	It's inertia of motion.!!!Are we pseudo devotees? Well pseudo dev implies little purification and not vice versa but the reverse makes a strong statement on how strong the process is, if we do it right and with sincere devotion.
	It's poetic but very true.
SQ - all lower layers serve the soul - so when we surrender unto Krishna all lower layers are still free and consciously choose it over others and choose inside it.
	You are still free after you surrender - free at all layers including false ego (eg - celibacy, grihastha, etc) - then what's different - it's choosing our independence to declare dependence - it's a choice to act in alignment - at different layers.
	If a free choice is beyond acceptable bounds (regs), strict actions should be taken cuz that freedom of Jiva is outside the realm and scope or jurisdiction of bhakti or ashram and practical steps are taken from worldly perspective.
	From spiritual perspective, a pretender doesn't get perfection.
	You get what you pay price for.
SQ - I am special? Eb is, I am fortunate.
	I am product of production house of school - that SCM has produced excellent combinations and depths RnDs cultivation from seniors.
	It is our responsibility to be a senior cuz of mirroring effect - ppl follow leaders idolizing them and becoming like them.
SQ - Ecstasy - Poem (with no rhyming but short succinct and fun)
    In a hypothetical dream I saw myself sitting with dignified bhaktas, yogis, jnanis and karma yogis.
    I saw myself from outside and seeing the person filled with pride spoke to the person in compassion
    You think you deserve Krishna. What do you understand about Krishna - what would you know of his value.
    //Somehow last statement got blurted out loud in front of all.
    What's his value - Ask them - they say - He is worth sacrificing everything.
    1 yogi said - he was worth all the penance; who got a glimpse of him after 1000s of years of penance.
    Ask devotees [like SP] who would not mind undergoing severe pains even if it leads to failing for his cause.
    Ask devotees who laid down their lives as it was a flower to offer in face of protecting other devotees of Krishna.
    Ask devotees who have given all their time, money, effort to Krishna's cause.
    Ask those who would wait 1 million years, if that's what it takes to see him again.
    Ask those who would beg to be an insect or dog in his servant's house to serve.
    Ask the gods who beg to be a grass to be trampled upon by his devotees.
    Ask seekers who sacrifice everything in his exploration to find his traces.
    Ask servers who work for him without any demand for personal remuneration.
    //What right do we have for distinction in front of all these giants. We can just follow in their footsteps humbly.
    Speak nothing of rights to get. What right do we have to sit among them.
    [Also sit cuz that's what your object of gratitude expects from you]
    We are not special, we are fortunate. [Although all are special in their unique stories]
    I heard someone ask - How can we ever repay for we have got
    To this my hero replied - you can't. But if you are grateful, please share it.
SQ - We are really fortunate that we got Krishna's grace in all the environment since birth that takes us out of MOI and MOP infatuations - anarthas.
SQ - why don't I just accept people the way they are - we really don't need photocopies of people.
    We need a variety of people and we should celebrate variety and difference of opinion instead of opening.
    How can we respect people in all MMN - we accept tiger for eating meat and don't kill it for its natural behavior.
    But still that does not mean that we accept that as their right - human does not have right to kill another - human or animal
        but factually nature permits jiva to act in those ways (only rules may stop them) and then sets its tracks thru karma.
        So, for beyond life is taken care but within life, some behaviors are not desirable - so we have rule system - so that we as a community lives happily to whatever extent possible.
    But humans can control themselves - it is rather our responsibility to enlighten them and if they still continue that's their free will. Isn't it?
    We can respect MOP for their dedication even if it's for grats. Respect MOI for their humanity and empathy.
    respect MOG for paying the price for alignment. Respect trans for their visions and goals.
    1 problem in past was that people in MOG hated MOI people which are so innocent - they deserved to be helped than hated. But that hatred has a recoil. That's what at least history teaches us.
    But that's 1 showcased problem - what about MOP hating MOI - kings or leadership roles exploiting the innocent labors - all the same.
    In KC, we rise about this MMN hatred. Of course, if some MMN disturbs us, we can distance ourselves while maintaining respect - like MOP is still aligned to VA norms anyways.
SQ - Asura != MOP. Asura means exclusion of spiritual awareness - such a person can be in all MMN like MOG, MOP, MOI.
    Similarly spiritually aware person can also be in MMN until he evolves enough.
SQ - Org rule - that is in question - should we question - why not. There must be reasons and leave that - no, we want to know the reasons. Why not but still the ones in management still reserve the right. And we reserve the right to question it.
    Allegation - it is fanaticism - let's first sincerely analyse if that's true - or how true does this statement is. Can that be justified. let's define fanaticism - religious niyam aagrah 
        Forgetting essence of rule you may make bad judgments - that is true.
        Problem is with religious fervor - personally that's great but imposition on others, that's beyond your right. And this is actually the different study - where religion merges with kshatriya rule.
        Problem with religion dominating the rule or the power - kshatriya - nothing wrong as long as it is shreyas. In fact, desirable.
            But imposition - that's problem beyond religion - power is all about controlling others. We can't deny that - what we dislike is controlling against their will.
            In this case, this imposition is not even against their will. But what if sb wants to see - then it's bad control - that's the precise problem here.
        Fanaticism problem precisely is what religious texts which when taken to power, controls people in ways that they dislike - which is also true with all fields but religious fanaticism is that.
            so this statement makes some sense. But it may not necessarily be religious fanaticism - it could be just fanaticism only - of some other flavor - like personal bias or political bias, etc.
            Now, temple management will have to control in larger self interest so that will sometimes involve rules which are dislike-able to some.
    Go talk to them - we are not their spokesperson. It's an org decision.
SQ - to realize that as sender or receiver we are just exchanging suggestions and not controlling each other.
    Social ideology is bound to be important to people. Problem is with clash - a glass which some people want to be half full, some full, some want it to contain milk, etc.
    Solution is proper discussion to resolve or make more glasses accessible in parallel. OR Let the one in power worry about that and you focus on your things.
    In Manipulation, don't just think of ourselves as a prey but also as a predator - we need a sword and we need a dhaal.
SQ - Poetic - I don't want Krishna but I want to want him idk why? A good love expression.
    BTG is an awesome story.
SQ - Traps of godhead
    it's not there
    it's there but you won't get it.
    You will get it but it's not what you expected.
    etc.
    You follow your heart after mindfully understanding the fundamentals from different sources (especially vedas)
SQ - Same Deep Learning applies to our spiritual life as well.
    In beginning we under-fit or over-fit our lives with badly trained model on how spiritual life is to be practiced.
    As we encounter stimuli where our model (not spiritual life) performs badly we realize that we need to adjust.
    VA gets importance and foundation also so as to have a model which factually optimizes our spirituality for long run and fast run in that.
SQ - I need some shelter but won't call upon him like a fool - he is a dependable shelter - not a shopkeeper type but a parent or guide type.
SQ - Preaching or Nishtha at premature stage comes with many dangers 
    imagine n people dumping their problems and doubts in you
    it is like making their doubts and challenges your own.
    If you don't have good standing you can get shaken. Or can't continue.
    people look up to not just words but also actions, and estimate thoughts thru bodily gestures 
        it is huge responsibility and hence pressure of alignment (a great help but also loss of freedom if you ain't there yet)
        setting bad eg or you diluting standards or changing fundamentals to suit your need for freedom - discourages sincere practitioners and spawns an apasampradaya, etc.
    SP recommends preach as much as you know so preaching with humility - that we don't know it all but I can help as much as possible for us.
SQ - I remember a devotee joking but so true - We just maintain newcomers with meeting seniors the real magic happens.
    so if good practice we could have started nishtha stage but those who are deeper levels they reinforce our KC better.
SQ - Tolerance is a very important concept in BG. We emphasize solving a problem which is definitely important but we should not ignore power of tolerance.
    Yogis continuously work on cultivating tolerance - at sensual, bodily, mental, intellectual, ego levels.
    BODD are quite painful process and we intend to leverage them to our greatest advantage. In such times, there's rebellion and pain.
    and hence doing what should be done becomes difficult. This concept also has applications in SVAF.
CRM - Communication - I don't remember primary school stuff - I don't care for that which doesn't matter.
CRM - Communication - I will leave early today cuz wife is here - I will come early at 7. It's raining comes back to inform and checks mobile b4 leaving.
	I asked cuz I wanted to be sure that there isn't any silly mistake I am making here.
CRM - Communication - Vocab
	persona refers to the identity that a person takes on to adapt to the outside world or to a certain situationtheir mask or facade.
	aspect of someone's character that is presented to or perceived by others
	Eg - In the business world, a persona is about perception. For instance, if a businessman wants others to think that he is very powerful and successful, he might drive a fancy car, buy a big house, wear expensive clothing, and talk down to people that he thinks are below him on the social ladder.
	Eg - buyer persona is a detailed description of someone who represents your target audience. This is not a real customer, but a fictional person who embodies the characteristics of your best potential customers. You'll give this customer persona a name, demographic details, interests, and behavioral traits.
CRM - Communication - Rather than getting pissed with baby politics that people play, give the communication a direction of your choice
	or if someone hellbent, then twist the discussion to elicit relevant information.
	Eg - someone telling regular routes, ask them about other routes or places in the routes.
CRM - Communication - Presentation
	Common asks - font size.
CRM - Communication - Presentation
	Showing a presentation on big monitor means smaller screen for the skype users - cuz pixels that get sent right.
CRM - Communication - Presentation - Make it challenging for them. Have you heard of OpenSQL. Any of you can guess what this should be. Approach should be strictly top down with WYSIWYG.
	good question, We will get to that. Make it appear very simple but thoughtful.
	any questions - how can we make it more interesting. No questions, your managers are gonna be really happy.
	recall based questions - it's not just that but it's as simple as that.
	Ok so now you are experts - well step by step guide I will send you for exercises.
CRM - Communication - Presentation - couple of points we discussed in todays session. Written mail to reinforce the verbal.
	higher layer abstraction.
CRM - Communication
	Stimulus - 1. Ignore in favor of sth else.
		2. Plan for grats (now or later) - future.
			Config - standardize - past present future.
		3. Share some story - past. Yours or 7 else's.
		4. Some Analysis - News (same as story at different ashram levels), roll drill, theorize, predict, prescribe.
		5. Master Study (assert a fact, negate some fact or hearsay (debate), exlaim (what a taste or feelings share), Question to grow your knowledge).
	Special cases - based on your feelings 
		NIC+E on this ordering - concerned => master for understanding. Interest => Plan; existent interest - config; fun outta neutral - story / explore or analyse.
		mood of exploration - master.
	Also seeking sequence from other person - eg - their stimuli you know of or your stimuli and their take OR ask their stimuli thru the day.
		ask their plan, config, ask master, stories specific or abstract like interviews (when were you last angry). Feels they felt, analytics.
CRM - Communication - Common Language also has PL like features 
	it's used for emphatic tailor made impressive presentations and understanding
	it's used for discussions and thinking (Logic part)
	it's used for persistence thru writing it down, making shlokas or quotes, etc.
CRM - Communication - Goa Planning Session.
CRM - Communication - Philosophy
	has technology affected economy in negative way
	impacts of technology in our lives - positive and negative
CRM - Communication - label given to ppl after an interaction - what all their utility is.
	identify who are alpha players - grow with or under them.
CRM - Communication - coming from common sense perspective I would say...
CRM - Communication - Vocab - update - make sth more modern or up to date
CRM - Communication - we also discuss how others are solving their problems - pros and cons of decisions made - their vision,etc.
CRM - Communication - Desire to be liked by all - 1 says hi and you search around who all others are saying hi. Simple give a cursory look and ye yatha mam prapadyante.
CRM - Communication - discussions and debates are turmoil but sth comes outta them
	every company faces these turmoils they have to overcome, but external world doesn't care for fights but results or the outcomes of everything.
	every country goes thru many internal fights, turbulences but can't be the matter of discussion of external media - to them it doesn't matter!
CRM - Communication - Either crack good joke that e1 will laugh with or prefer silence or some other mode.
CRM - Communication - Eb gotta go but it pains. Precautions of covid. May he RIP and God gives you strength. You are responsible sturdiness estimated in trouble and maintains discipline you deserve. When is kiraya. You are pillar of family. All resp on me. Age, leaving e1 well settled is different thing. You have tried your best, else more prob. Gangajal, tulsi also.
CRM - Communication - transactional log what all happened and dig into - went to bihar, news explore, transactional present - when to reach, possibilities - what all I did, what all needs to be done for work continuum - ind plates, tyres, car on rent for money, etc.
CRM - Communication - gotta Standardize people by their nature, expertise and favors we can elicit - what they can do when need arises (based on investments considered in TME).
	Not just we gotta standardize people but also find right candidates to invest in so that there is a mutual win win.
	For all the rasas this investment is important with end result clear in your mind.
	All partners interal or external are interacted with in terms of TME only.
	Eg - Let me give that person money in exchange of his powerful services. Let me give him time to be his ally.
CRM - Communication - Stories are always in the making. So a little log of every home at different grains like day, week, month ensures good storytelling.
	Eg - office any function, the culture, some announcement, events, etc.
CRM - Communication - This is master data side of PersonalErp cuz it's a talent. May use human psychology with result of personal effectiveness.
	eg - don't join audio - not heard! even common sense perspective - it is not necessary.
CRM - Communication - Vocab - modifiers, quantifiers or intensifiers - adjectives,
CRM - Communication - Vocab - ?Validation vs approval - validation is on state and approval is on action.
	both terms in intellectual layer.
	Meetings - contextual questions - 
		you may prepare what was to be done, why it is the way it built, how it works 
		but some questions are around - why it was built in first place (some specifics), how the larger picture uses this and where; what is this in the larger picture.
		all meetings are opportunities for getting recognition (in alignment with what you really are from within anyways)
		express your alignment with the state of art thru CRUD.
			Ideas (Create), suggestions (Update), doubts (Checks), queries/ questions (Retrieve), objections (delete), comment (property/retrieve)
CRM - Communication - Vocab
	I know - use it to stop redundant information. (for every place, it shows arrogance)
	Sure - when agreeing to proposition. 
	Ok - validation of sth.
	Hmm - I am listening.
	Big body and won't take full barfi - Sir, looks like you satired
		other responses possible - sir, bezti kar lo naam to aapka hi kharam hoga - you insult me and your name gets bad (cuz we share the names!) - to be avoided without relationship. attack jokes possible with good friendship levels.
		I feel like sweet had a flavor of sourness - only with very close this statement can be made - cuz it is revealing your feelings.
			Similarly, self deprecating jokes - ??not with juniors but with equals (not even seniors cuz it sets an image and may have repercussions).
		Moral - go with the plan and try to explain it away as you proceed with it - so that no offense felt and things are your way.
CRM - Communication - learn art of returning a burn. But also learn from the burn. That I didn't prove myself useful in that way ever. Give away these favors.
CRM - Communication - given health issue - curiousity about symptoms, cure - home and outside, prevention of family, source, emotional experience, etc. Or given a social reality - how is every body in relationship individually affected.
CRM - Communication - seek every story, about every one - learn the art of making them open up - cross product of e1, eth, all aspects of life, (stories or logs, knowledge of science and social, analytics, configs), different layers of EQ, different emotions, beliefs, achievement - this cross product becomes huge even if social erp threads are excluded which is itself a mesh given that it is source of income for e1 on tv for all channels.
CRM - Communication - there is master data which already has books written. Every point in the book can have eg if stories at different scales and even hypothetical stories like case studies and movies.also there are logs - stories with no emotion. Analytics endless and configs for personal effectiveness.
CRM - Communication - nic+e based talks on past, present, future. Taking initiatives enumeration - festivities to the fullest, group photos, meeting people, visit places, make dishes, bring dishes, etc. Basically all layered grats that you should otherwise do, should be done with guests from interest perspective, concern perspective you gotta know where's what. Need is standard details with guest reception. Viz eyes decoration home, malls, home theater, fragrant nose, dishes after dishes inside and outside, soft cushions and conditioned temperature, ears songs, concerts. Mind - movies, YouTube. Intel - infotainment tv. Ego - ask career related queries. Spiritual - love shower. All of these things need to be done in communication also - planning, master, transaction, config, analytics in past, present, future, abstract, concrete. Exercise - no you don't make your guests do exercise but walks, casual runs are possible.
CRM - Communication - Play tryst - non veg sensitive tongue, use their main bucket for child cleaning, use blanket with wet baby - what are their limits estimated, questions with obvious no answers - have Dr Mehra contact? Creating visibility art - run backwards to update where the last person is - leader quality shown. Mamu is for enjoyment - responsibility with parents.
CRM - Communication - Logs based talks can get really lengthy if capacity permits but without emotions they would be uninteresting stories. But sure open plathora of possible threads.
CRM - Communication - Jack on iron rods. Monetize the thanks as chay paani. Take from your maalik. So, don't say thanks for free or easily. Penalty everywhere if not careful - doing back gear could have hit a scooter if the person didn't yell but impression ended up being that I was conscious with my hand gesture - so be always ultra careful. The solution is be a little intolerant towards lapse.
CRM - Communication - Syami attitude - if discussion is not in the direction that you want, change the track to a story or give a twist but have fun in all discussions.
CRM - Communication - Pivot to persons and interactions - individualized stories and interaction stories.
CRM - Communication - everything can be talked about saloon, your social media life, your experiences with different social erp, home erp, personal erp etc - eth is a world in itself.
CRM - Communication - talk about achievements - process, abstract and concrete - assist others in their transactions or spirit.
	Need runtime thinking while doing presentation (based on design time thinking) with a customer - topics come from personal life, home, office, social, etc.
	Home products and services - when to use what and experiences.
	Content comes from personal and interactions spaces. It has CRUD - Create a conversation, Update, Delete, retrieve. Runtime thinking could be muhavare, add on stories, jokes, emotions expressions, politics, etc.
	Similarly CRUD for all 3 tiers - personal home social.
CRM - Communication - Discussion prio - Transaction, Config, master, analytics X past, present, future X Personal, home, social X Do, understand.
CRM - Communication - Stories focus on cautions - predator prey with different roles - heroes - paying the price for being hero. Scrum focus on being a hero but cautionary tales.
CRM - Communication - Jokes
	corona bhi sochta hoga - itna lightly to meri wife nahi leti mujhe
	3 mahine pehle mask lagaa ke sote the ye log
	Next time I would like to delete some jobs
		Kidding! Of course after clarifying
		Haha ! Otherwise my job may get threatened to get deleted
CRM - Communication -
	Headings
		Planning (What all you gotta do and how to prioritize; suggested strategy best approach; precautions (risks), updates) - such trivial things to do
		HCM (his nature, why he didn't go home, where worked, does he have bike);
		CRM - Sardarji - go and say thanks - call him if not visit him. Bangalore temperature (social erp).
	Transactional first and then Connected master data of everything.
	bike servicing - don't give papers and contact the regular servicing folks. Arch and maturity means not getting too pumped by desires, urgencies, fears, etc.
	everything comes from planning only - major component of discussions is planning.
CRM - Relp - Networking.
	All 5 rasas - friends and its specializations.
		Senior Junior (Jnana, Dhyan, Karma) - Guide / Guided (Vatsalya), Delegate / Delegated (Dasya), Celeb / Fan (Shant).
			Different social media platforms for each of them - FB for friendship, Twitter (Shant), Quora (vatsalya), Stackoverflow (vatsalya), GITHUB (dasya)
		Equal Intimacy - Best Friend (sakhya), Romantic friend (madhurya)
	Center of attraction with friends can be single at any layer and expanding from there.
	REL - Center of attraction at different layers
		Spiritual - Explorers of higher dimensional reality.
		Varna - achievements partners - together we do a lot. Eg - new feature devp with 7 who knows the subject.
		Ashram - some worldly interest sharing friend - we enjoy discussing, exploring, doing or studying something. Eg - similar theater interest, Dance interest, judo interest, etc.
		Foundation - similar habits meeting in some space like running.
CRM - Relp - Adjectives in relationships - Short Tempered, Playful, naughty, humorous/ hilarious/ jolly, funny, 
	different layers - 
		G - eager, faithful, 
		I - agreeable, convincing, ambitious, 
		E - calm, 
		F - gentle, 
CRM - Relp - Telling a girl that she is beautiful means a lot to her (Appreciation).
CRM - Relp - Austerity of thanks and appreciation both are important - but with genuineness and heart felt - discussions purpose is align or come to same page. All think they are right but if open minded for new eg and new angles of vision then better understanding for e1 emerges or may come for 1 person but not for other cuz not convincing enough.
	raise case studies. Will you say thanks for locking the room? no thank for responsibilities vs thanks on retrospection.
CRM - Relp - The problem is you are very against politics. You hate it like hell. Because of which I refuse to play the game where this is going on.
	I don't recognize politics or psychological manipulation or psychological maneuvering as a valid and legitimate study of life.
	Because of which "you don't persist with verbal debates and back out in short run"
	If you smash every political move a person makes and start to punish it, the other person's whole framework is being put to threat.
	Politics should be recognized and respected as a reality of ashram life (even varna life, even spiritual life in worldly terms) 
		this should be given space, accepted, celebrated (jokes) and even responded to, in similar way or accordingly. 
	More over, it should not happen explicitly unless intended as a joke.
		talking what is going on but implicitly you don't say it but you start giving lesser time to the person you don't like to be with - with excuses of course.
		you make excuse and unplug your phone. You tell a reason and move on with whatever you wanted anyway.
		My thing is I am clear with what I want and don't give a dang to others unless I have agreed to it beforehand and I feel committed towards that agreement or commitment.
	Perhaps my refusal to accept political facade of life could have caused disturbance even in my relationships.
	Like Syami maintains a facade of being a fun loving guy but internally is fully devoted to his work. So facades are really important in ashram life.
	Please learn to accept ashram and varna as facades of spiritual normal selves and these facades are games which should be played as they are intended to be played.
	11th class chapter - chaplusi ek kala hai. Punjabi university prof said work you do but also favor. cuz it works - Birbal to Akbar I gotta work for you not brinjal. Bali Madam experience and Charu Mausi's bad experience of cross questioning boss.
	To get to an ego concretely, it takes not just talent but right communication also and communication should also follow etiquettes 
		what are etiquettes anyway - they elicit best response from people that's short term politics or paristhitik politics
		and chess like politics to elicit final outcome of situation is long term politics - both are important in life. 
		It's ingrained and should be hated - it is like people get encouraged to do the right thing for MOP based reasons. Even pegions fight over morsels but they should still be fed and not hated for that fight.
	Even after knowing the importance of politics in day today life I forget and end up acting in ways that are naive cuz of lack of practice.
	Don't hate polity but be in love with study of psychology and its application - worth playing in transactional data and talking in master data, analytical data and being prepared in configurational data.
CRM - Relp - How to get a gf
	Identify avenues (universal, event based) -> Devp Formal (public; transactional or master) -> Devp Informal (friend, protected; log seeking) -> Devp Intimacy (private)
	Matrimony is yet another avenue with head on target but family pressure ensure fast traversal thru the chain. But do this mindfully else lapse happens.
CRM - Relp - rituals like pairipainna, hug b4 sleep.
CRM - Relp - an ideal son does not only know how to behave but also takes initiatives to raise the people or family around him.
CRM - Relp - Some factors that matter for marriage
	NIC - N for V, I for +, C for -. Gotta SR then eval for best fit.
	Sp
	Eg
	In
	Me
	Se
	I can't give approval authorization to someone else. Maybe taking guidance from them is fine - can't say no after emotions get involved (don't believe in hurting)
		there are layers to it - involved parties and families and society at large, etc.
	can we talk
	reference
	when are you free
	when and where to meet
	Black Pearl, any preference in restaurants, or any preference in botanical garden, etc.
	or I can come where you stay and then decide on the run time.
	no judgments - later on maybe - not haan naa meeting but getting to know each other
CRM - Relp - Communication Also - Every person is multidimensional and familiarity breeds contempt cuz focus goes on all other dimensions that a person may be normal at or even bad at. This applies to spirituality, family, etc.
CRM - Relp - cuz 1 phil point is to speak right thing at wrong time is wrong.
CRM - Relp - I post on facebooks for those to whom my picture matters and not for others.
	you can even consider moving others out of your friend list - but you don't have to do that.
CRM - Relp - About - it's Foundational side of HomeErp. Fundamentals about relationships - may include human psychology.
CRM - Relp - be a communication broker and let a person open up.
	Relp is same as communication - temporary kept separate to focus on others and not oneself. Transaction like group photo, lunch, visit a place etc.
CRM - Relp - Let's see how baby behaves when his mother is being loved by her mama. etc. different configs.
