Movie - Movie Genres
    Primary rasas
        Family
        Romance
        //Wow factor (Gradeur) - transformers.
            Adventure (explorations - journeys to epic or distant places to accomplish something) - Inception, Interstellar
    Secondary Rasas
        Hero Based
            Biography
            Superhero - DC, Marvel.
            Action (Fights - Hero based) - The Dark Knight, Inception, The Matrix, John Wick.
                War
        Predator Prey
            Drama (Light weight predator prey) - Lord of the rings, Interstellar.
            Crime (Extreme Predator Prey) - Dark Knight, Pulp Fiction, Godfather, Breaking Bad, Seven, Silence of Lambs, Wolf of wall street, Goodfellas, Joker, Sherlock.
            Horror (Predator centric) - Psycho, Stranger Things, Alien, Get Out, IT, Conjuring, A Quiet Place, Exorcist, The Others, Vampire Diaries.
        Others
            Comedy (Trivialized) - Queen, Sholay, Bhajrangi Bhaijan.
            Thriller (Full of surprises) - Movie Twists.
            Mystery (Suspense - always keeps you guessing) - eg who is the killer, what will happen next.
    Entertainments
        Sport
        Game Show - Series only.
        Reality TV (Series only) - Competitions
        Music
        Musical
        News - Series only.
        Talk Show - Series only.
    Add ons
        Sci-Fi - Inception, Prestige, Avatar, Back to the future, Terminator, Matrix, Marvels, Star Wars, Jurassic.
        Film Noir
        Short Film
        Western
    Presentations
        Animation - Lion King, Toy Story, Incredibles, Despicable Me, Kungfu Panda, Ice Age, Spiderman into Spider-verse.
        TV Series
        Movie
        etc
    Framework
        //Fantasy (magic or supernatural forces / Imagined Universe)
        Reality
            Documentary - Planet Earth, Cosmos, 
            History (Reality based)
        Reality Extended (Our universe and laws but more added) - Harry Potter, POTC, Jurassic.
        Different Universe and Laws - GOT, Star Wars
        Supernatural Imagined - Ability to control natural forces
        Spiritual - All Ramayan, MB, etc.
Movie - Themes (Different from Genres)
    Anime
    Avant-Garde
    B-Movie
    Chick Flick
    Coming of Age
    Cult Film
    Dystopia
    Epic
    Espionage
    Femme Fatale
    High School
    Kung Fu
    Mockumentary
    Post-Apocalypse
    Spoof
    Supernatural
    Time Travel
    Vampire
    Zombie
Movie - Justice League 2021.
Movie - Pyaar ka Punchnama 2.
Movie - The Jungle Book 2016. Mowgli 2018.
Movie - Comedy Night Bachao, Comedy nights with Kapil, The Kapil Sharma Show, Comedy Nights Bachao Taaza.
Movie - Hulchul, Hungama, etc.
Movie - POTC - On stranger tides - Mermaid based story - best installment acc to me.
Movie - The Mask - Repressed tendencies show up with the mask.
Movie - Batla House.
Movie - Sardaarji.
Movie - Romeo Akbar Walter.
Movie - The Big Bull
Movie - ?Wazir.
Movie - Alien, Aliens, Tanu weds manu, Star wars.
Movie - MIB, Titanic, The Mummy.
Movie - Fukrey, Ardab Mutiyaar.
Movie - Singh vs Kaur.
Movie X - Terminator, Aliens 3, Star Wars 6, James Bond, Indiana Jones, Fast and Furious.
Movie - Double di trouble, Shadaa, etc.
Movie - Philosophical movies - XBlade Runner, XRope, etc.
PIES - Ashram components
    CRM (Networking) - Rasas real.
        SCM - Logistics - MSC Organized - ensure high performance robust grat streaming
        SRM - Resourceful and ownership (maximize the grat streaming) - Fun in matter and utility with real people
        SocialErp - Experience and Explore world 
            even regular beach stuff and TV stunts enacted in front. Adventure sports repeated.
    Enjoy
        SCM Prod - Delicacies.
        HCM - Quickest rasas simulation.
        Health- Games
        Hobby - 
            Poetry, Dance, etc included.
    FIN - Undercurrent.
    About - narrative is focus on either networking, Enjoyment or comforts (SRM and SCM Logistics) and money.
PIES - SVAF follow hierarchy - even though they are separate.
    Spirituality use case is to attain sat cid ananda - eternal state of enlightened happiness - thru best love and best service.
    Varna use case is favorable atmosphere for sp (@gamla); Cultivating tendencies (FND) suitable for sp (like service)
        In abstraction layer, only use case is service (but for a reason, which is trans).
            Now, this gets hairy at this layer. FDDL incentives for varna - money, power, contributions measurements, love for your craft.
            Domain of your choice (social use case you serve) - your tools - configuration knowledge and POC and combining them aptly to solve a problem.
        other incentives like fear, desire and love (intrinsic) although very powerful, aren't official use case to start with but sure, help and drive the show alone.
        Any task can be better performed when you know the ultimate result it must yield.
    Ashram use case is favorable atm for varna and sp; cultivating tendencies (FND) suitable for varna and sp (love, being organized, and being social consumer)
        layer of abstraction use case is enjoyment - love and consumerism (but for a reason and should help higher layers)
        This also gets hairy - FDDL incentives and what all to do in here to be socially smart.
    FND use case is favorable SVAF; cultivating utils for SVAF.
    Applications - so before starting any activity - what is the end result I want.
        Eg - child nurturing - we can't guarantee future but can act in suitable (best) ways that child and others cultivate necessary favorable attitude for varna and spirituality.
        Eg - marry - of course, fear and desire and love but primarily, acting in suitable (best) ways for varna and spirituality for me and others.
PIES - of course, we gotta play at godhead or demigod level to ultimately get there but we will also get checkpoints along the way - like being a businessman, being an admin, guide, etc.
PIES - To cultivate FND we need - knowledge and practice but also Role models, many eg to train over, etc.
PIES - Tolerance is a very important concept. Take anything, you get what you tolerate. LCM emphasizes it, Krishna emphasizes, all yogis practice it.
    There's a penance or tapasya for a goal; on the path of which there are obstacles to be overcome - while it takes determination and discrimination to do it.
    encountering obstacles ain't a pleasant experience. REL get your hands dirty. You must tolerate it.
    You pay the price to get something (price of persistence and tolerance) but also sustaining something be it health in the material world - takes a price (persistence and tolerance)
    immune system works - it solves but we gotta tolerate while it does.
    You tolerate and be a good engineer when all that becomes easy but then you must tolerate next level to be an arch.
PIES - mind is a library - everything you put in - is gonna go in the warehouse to be organized - conscious of what you put inside.
PIES - If only we learn from world politics and warfares - they all show human behaviors at a scale - it's about appeasing population for votes suiting their ideology. It's about winning the desirable ends from creating conflict or resolving an existing one.
    conflicts are always gonna be a fact and how people deal with them has lots of lessons on human behavior.
    FND is human psychology and microeconomics. Ashram is macro social studies and its concrete eg along HomeErp domain and SocialErp.
PIES
    Spiritual Story - extrinsic and intrinsic pleasures.
    Sume development - Chanting Bhajans journey, Yoga Meditation Journey, Knowledge journey, VA journey (donations included) - that's intrinsic pleasures.
    Social validations - whenever 7 said me something - preaching, new comers. Juniors, seniors, equals.
PIES - MOI - In general, sloth or laziness in its gross sense but more profound that you want reward without much investments.
    all escapisms or entertainments also fall under this category - but that's not as bad as high dopes
    So, our entertainments should also be well planned and limited - too much MOI leads to MOI becoming a tendency - attached to MMN so the solution is restricted planned entertainments.
    Even sleep can be seen as bodily requirement (MOG) or fun / escape (MOI)
    Now, not that we pay no price for entertainments - that's why it's MOI tilted but st it can be MOP also.
    Ideal life is MOG based - you decide the best course of action to an end and play accordingly.
    Man nahi karta is a typical MOI saying - I extracted the fun outta it is a MOP saying - we have to rise to MOG - where the pleasure is more sophisticated.
    Even entertainments can be MOG based - planned and serving a purpose rather than fun seeking or driven exercises.
    pure fun seeking entertainments can be planned aptly within threshold like MOP anarthas in threshold.
    There is nothing called pure gold - 24 caret but purer the better - it's like that when SP says 70% pure is enough for BTG - it's difficult to assume that we will stop thinking about self at any point.
        But it's reasonable that more advanced people (even from worldly standards) think more of others than themselves.
PIES - MMN have huge bearing on the SVAF.
    Varna is more in MOP in general but can be practiced in MOG as well - MOI gets disapproved.
    Ashram can be MOP but tends to be more towards MOI - Ashram can also be practiced in MOG if planned properly.
        that's 1 reason why the time slots of Varna is typically higher than ashram.
PIES - The trap of foundation is very clear - when there is no sense of incompleteness felt - no dissatisfaction or discontentment or craving for more completeness,
    and still 1 is forced to act - it does not have that strong fire which a man with yearning shows.
    So, worldly escapes make us feel satiated already - then we question why do I lack the fire to act or we act in luke warm ways - cuz foundation isn't strong.
    that's why spirituality encourages MOG and not breaking 4 regs - cuz that's turning off the fire - the bad foundation will show no fire for the end goal.
    That's not deprivation - SQ doesn't favor denial either but MOG based fulfillment and no escapes or enjoy without paying the price.
    Not breaking 4 regs ensures at least MOP - with more refinement we can move to MOG which are ever better platforms for transcendence. and are closer in themselves to trans.
    Imagine when foundation is proper and you keep on developing your personal self - you will constantly have that fire that you deserve more. How favorable this is to perfection!
PIES - Social applications of PIES understanding
    Spirituality is a layer above SVAF with F being psychology and microeconomics - this clearly indicates that Spirituality can't break the principles of SVAF over which it is itself based.
    If a spiritual school, breaks the society or builds strife among people or is against economic development or is counter to psychology - like suppression (this isn't equal to control or regulate), we need to reject that school.
    if I tell you to do something which is impossible pscyhologically cuz of us being SCA seeking beings by nature - then that proposal has to be rejected.
    There are examples of mass suicides arranged by unscrupulous teachers who said aliens would take them to ever beautiful place if they die in opportune moment.
    If spirituality encourages you to fight with family (not talking trans here) or discourages social contributions - spirituality at its layer above SVAF will break the civilized society principles itself which supported it to exist.
PIES - We are constantly, based on our association, are evolving or degrading ourselves in SVAF (BJDK)
    Parents are natural seniors in Ashram and so on. E1 should also become senior eventually.
    Passing legacy is not just genes (characteristics combinations) - it's also passing mentality, beliefs, etc (combinations of worldly ideals you adore), spiritual (trans)
    Why distinction happens in destinations - it's train directory - you will go depending on which train you choose.
        Some choose the ticket of growing in ESMD to become like pig or pigeon or so. Choosing what's accessible even in lower species
        we have many analogies - best model of car used for farming; Meeting king only asking to put luggage back on head; PM choosing cheap thrills.
        Basically growing in dimension which is not the best bet - you grew for sure in ashram but in dimensions that don't help you spiritually much.
        You didn't choose the best bet of your TME if you chose ESMD or worldly pursuits - which are good in themselves but there is gradation.
    Idol worship vs deity worship but even idol worship is very powerful. Our heroes should be the best.
        How much are they opening up and you are tuning or tapping in - is a foundational differentiator.
        We are like glass - passing light to a certain intensity - parampara people are important for inspiration as living eg but scriptures and Krishna himself ensure light to retain its intensity for a longer duration.
    So even those who degrade themselves still must have evolved but either in a messy way or in dimensions that don't help. Or didn't choose heroes nicely.
    How much Indian am I - depends on defining Indian-ness but also how much I have associated with outside (directly or indirectly like virus - transitive)
        travelled far and wide across India but have also associated with outside - it's ok to adopt best of everything - like opening the window but standing on feet.
        How much Punjabi am I - Movies, friends, comedy nights, parents, relatives, etc.
        "should be" is a separate question.
        How much ML DS or CS am I - who have been my CS journey heroes - abstract teachers (online or offline), concrete heroes (achievers, seminar givers, etc)
    Not just client server associations but also peer to peer associations where you are both client and server with the equals. Eg - parents are seniors mostly and siblings are peers or equals mostly (both server and client in regards of learning)
    Ashram heroes - for empathy, for enjoying, for curious exploration or for learning from - best of talents you idolize and they also open up themselves proving themselves useful in exchange of rewards.
    I am to a certain degree like those that I have associated with in past in SVAF - I am like my teachers, book writers, exemplary heroes, etc.
    You reach BTG when you are like Krishna; just like to enter sun, your body should be firey - SP says above 70% can be taken care of (compile time readiness for BTG and runtime but compile time is more important)
    Always choose to associate with heroes (short term and long term) - even in peers, be with heroes and demonstrate your cultivated heroism.
    It is true that we represent our seniors so it's a responsibility and our juniors represent us so again a responsibility. Even peers create expectations from us so responsibility once more.
PIES - Varna time -> (7-9)-(5-9) And sleep strictly 10-11 to wake up at 5 - plan Ashram and Foundation around this.
    this is also very natural way to work and live.
PIES - Even in SVAF we have Servers, peers and clients
    ensure best quality servers - gratitude and advocate learning from them.
        Eg - Parents, Teachers, etc.
    learned friendly peers - peer approach you for help and you know whom to contact in VA.
        gala time with peers in ashram.
        Eg - Siblings, Spouse, Friends, Peers, etc.
    happy clients - Varna satisfied customers who would advertise for us.
        Eg - Managers, Prospective Leads, Customers, Children, Disciples, etc.
PIES - 3 layers of achievements in the world 
    Getting Krishna thru BJDK Yoga - includes SVAF.
    Creating a legacy 
        giving best service - all individual phases of life adding up to a great service. If it gets famous that's a good thing but not necessary.
    Follow your bliss
        Fun in each discrete phase of life - whether they add up for grand narrative is a legacy thing or extended fun of life.
    More - It's a layer
        so ultimately in life, getting Krishna by the end. But that's not the only thing - we create granularities in phases where each phase is enjoyed in itself and adds up.
PIES - SVAF emerges from the following layers with 2 dimension each.
    Spiritual - Server (Preach) and client (BJDK Yoga)
    Social - Server (varna) and client (ashram)
    Home - Server (Ashram - price) and client (ashram - grat streaming standardizations)
    Personal - Server (hobbies etc - FND) and client (FND - ABCD)
PIES - In all SVAF, we gotta move from being client to being server and peer always.
    Like in ashram, b4 becoming server, we gotta be very organized as client. So, client is phase 1 - organized client is step 2. Next start serving in whatever dept possible.
    There are pure service roles also in SVAF (like parents) but our services should grow over time (towards parents also who are ideal leaders by very nature)
    So, in sume start recording not just how well I enjoy in SVAF in organized way but how well I serve.
PIES - inspired by NFP.
    Walking to the ideals - Socially, home, personally.
        Study the abstract school for SVAF and then see what's missing in the concrete and channel your work in that direction - domain-wise technology can be any.
    what will you do if god doesn't exist - study happiness hunt - how can we maximize our happiness.
        it's not mindless easy cheap rewards but maximized happiness.
        What I really like the most is the love emotion.
    Introspection is what I like the most - I can do this all day. And this is my best self interest also.
        Introspection can be an ideal fallback also in trying situations along with SVAF fallbacks.
    The real problem is that I am unhappy with all in SVAF that I am doing - it is symptom of a problem.
        I have to learn to be happy in SVAF with robustness - no exceptions covering all FOE.
SocialErp - Street lights showed up in ASR just like Udhampur. Campus of Golden temple.
SocialErp - Driving situations
    Aunty crossing with dhadalla. 
    Dark night no street lights speeding car but people on small vehilcles crossing the road. Estmating the road.
    Sunlight on your face.
    Cow suddenly showing up. Continuous horn and changing the lane unceremoniously but after seeing.
    Road suddenly ends cuz of a lying tractor - continuous horn and brake
    Don't cross a big vehicle without horn and reason that they won't turn.
    Delayed turn to be avoided - don't follow their instruction late - then it's not honoring others on the road.
    High court deep parking and stuck cuz of unscrupulous parking from other makeing a closed loop - left at mercy of 7 to show up on unique edge for us to get our way.
    Forgetting to lock the car, OR open the side mirrors or adjusting the front mirror - need of config.
    Jiju and dog suddenly on the way - frightened leaps towards the car.
IQ - Always work for the love of CSLife and not worldly deadlines - they are just compass - for which direction to work.
IQ - Work like a scientist not just a productive worker - you are the one investigating and going the essence of eth and thru all approaching finally making it work.
    that's why I say computer scientist not computer engineer or computer techician, or computer worker, etc.
IQ - Social validations - company culture, Awards, peer when elicited on a user story, appreciating a user story which you worked on, people coming to you for help, 
    peers taking 2nd opinion from you, your presence was needed during ur vacations, Can't start the meeting without him.
    Extrinsic validations can even be implied - these are IQGrats outside of intrinsic sume based grats - it can thru an IDEA that got appreciated or a casual praise.
    Like a senior saying I see lots of potential in you. List these thru IQGrats which also includes Lapse btw which are intrinsic pleasures from negative axis.
    Group Discussions - Your ideas get recognition. Your contributions to an idea in flow. your opinions or feedback matters
        voice it anyways with pros and cons - that will be at least intrinsic grat.
    Implied praises.
IQ - Manager dissatisfied with peer review from scrum master which was right that as DoD not contributing in transactions.
    I was not bad but distracted. Still solved all the assigned tickets.
        Another ticket assigned to me - I postponed cuz distracted.
        So, direction of TME is the customers of ur TME.
    I was devoted with TME for master while I was expected to be devoted for transactional.
        organizing isn't contributing but preparation for it.
        organizing should not be at expense of transactions - so there's a need for separate time.
    Scrum responsibility for our customer (manager) is desirable to prove that you as asset outweigh the liabilities.
        Also, ur manager or customer ensures best interest thru peers review 
        so, be the star in peers; helping others.
    It pains me to see my customers dissatisfied with me
        the point is what I do about it - act and make plans.
        First need is to be aware about it. It's great to know the concerns ASAP.
        Introspect - Where it went wrong and ensure that it does not repeat.
    I welcome feedbacks and positive pressures cuz they push me outta MOI to which I am somewhat attached.
        How this life is so analogous to VOICE life where escalation isn't necessarily but the right way to do it and should be welcomed.
    Drill down as a manager.
    professionalism SDE2
IQ - Abhijeet Sir once accused of many tickets in CSS - he became DoD that week and there was no ticket left in the queue after that week. What a spirit.
IQ - Salary Trends Average
    Salary = Fixed (Base) + Variable (Bonus + Profit Sharing) - variable can be 1.5L to 20L.
    Fresher - 13.
    SDE 1 (Early) - 1-4 years (10+ - avg 14)
    SDE 2 (Mid) - 5-9 years (20+ - avg 24)
    SDE 3 (Late) - 10-19 years (30+ - avg 28)
    So, Grow to architect level ASAP and then go to business mode in multiple ways
        entrepreneur or business
        your startup
        new product in existing business - intra-preneur
        new features or ideas for the existing product or patents - innovations.
        freelance
    At that phase, the measurements will be how many innovative or unique ideas do I contribute to the global picture.
        in this phase, you don't have 1 direct customer but n direct customers (transitive customers not counted)
            for n customers also, it's not serving by service (efforts added) but serving by product (standardizations - your product to use to deliver, distributed product)
        Other alternatives like MBA for company management, DS, etc make me fresher in those fields which is not good.
            and these fields in general don't have even pay that well unless successful.
            Pressures in MBA life Rakesh Pr said.
        SDE is most rewarding and also does justice to all that I have studied till date in basics, arch, platform or innovation.
    Money - Successful Business Divided by Manforce is your takehome - so startup or MNC - that's the decider.
        This means tie up with the giant is important or tie with the most successful will be most rewarding.
        This means the greater the responsibility over your shoulder, the greater is the reward.
    Security
        Be the critical resource - like in basketball game your contributions are among most important.
        Have the critical dependence - in your absence, team becomes weaker.
        You are not overly dependent on one customer - you always have huge demand in customers or buyers.
IQ - ML in spark.
IQ - TDD is necessary - otherwise we make silly mistakes during our minor changes. Always TDD.
IQ - Time saving strategies - organize or standardize ways of acting. 
    Improve on those standardized ways - like instead of maven build of project - perform it only for module. Eg - cf also smart - only the delta is pushed again not eth.
    reduce the call time by pushing library only once in the code rather than again and again.
IQ - LIB - Stepwise addition to config starting from PHI is next strategy.
SCMProd - Seera when sore throat. Daal ka desi ghee ka halwa. Motichoor ke laddu.
    salt over sensitivity - next day gargle water no salt and tea no sugar and I suspecting - later to learn nothing was added intentionally.
SCMProd - Oat Parantha with raw veggies inside (carrot, capsicum, tomato, onion, etc)
    Dalia, Muesli, Bread butter, Peanut butter bread, Poha with crispy veg + curd + chatnis, Upma + chatni, etc.
    Karela, Ghiya daal, chappan kaddu, halva kaddu; all pulses. With chatni, raita or curd, brown rice, salad or boiled beets.
    Sandwiches, double decker sandwich.
SCMProd - Daily dipped dry fruits and seasonal fruits
SCMProd - All different foods at VOICE, etc - special khicadi lip smacking (Pune temple), VIT Prasadam specialization OMG, Vrindavanchandra prasadam variety.
    sabudana khicadi, sabudana dry poha type, sabudana kheer.
    All varai variants. Halwa of some non-grain, raw banana sabji, many unique sabjis of Jharkand.
    Cooking at kolkata, Milk boiling seva for kheer, Thekua, Vessel lifting, etc.
    Atmanivedan Yoga (sudarshan Voice) - saturday love feasts with some efforts and then feast, amrakhand, 
        purchasing in dhoti kuta, tiffin packing for lunch, satisfying meals.
    Temple meals - very MOG and satisfying - nothing specific. Gud dalia sweet.
        bhagavat saptah type meals - very satisfying and coming back singing kirtan on bike like intoxicated or by bus.
    Vraj Dham VOICE - all different kinds of rice - biryani, lemon rice, maize sabji, gunpowder, pongal rasam, 
        idlis, gulkand kheer, Milk seva, Variety of veggies in Maharashtra, 
        Misal Paav, Idlis, and many more normal but extraordinary dishes. Cooks - be a devotee else we don't work for nothing.
        Bulk purchasing from wholesale in dhoti kurta and auto booking.
    Self cooking at Atmanivedan Lotus VOICE or yoga. Daal, Rice, sabjis, paneer sweet dish of bengal.
    Govinda's - all kinds of outside dishes. 
        Blr - Stuffed bun (Spicy alu in there), sweet cake, nearby butter dhabeli. Misal paav in Delhi
        Shrinathji - Pasta and all outside dishes Saurabh Pr, Rajdhani with Awdhesh Pr, Small dishes at Shrinathji.
SCMProd - Andhra meals tried - Gunpowder butter idli, button idlis, mysore bajji, High spiced meals.
    Others - mangalore buns, gur sweet roti, Potato khaskhas - alu posto, brinjal and chilli pakoda, etc.
    Kerala kadi, kadala with coconut rice, etc.
SCMProd - Asr - Mungfali chatni, mint chatni and many more - mint raita, veg raita.
    crisp veg poha, upma, dalia, peanut butter bread milk, Musli milk many variants.
    variety of veggies and all dals - chappan, etc.
SCMProd - Fruit Salad Oats Kheer.
Logs - Story - Follow up on the Flexben mixup between Last year's wfh and new year's optional benefits. And finally it got settled so persevere.
Logs - Story - Car Zoom car key with us - and charge was set as 10K which Syami paid to get next trip - and then reimbursed the same.
    Learnt fighting spirit from didi jiju and applied it at first person I met at airport - he happened to be manager. Next time, I needed a favor and I was hiding my face.
Logs - Stories - SAP ASR to Bangalore for Car - Macbook, Tejinder Trip to Kerela, Project that had same colleagues from last project and college heroic, SAP colleagues from past all heroic.
    Meeting Vishesh during Bangalore trip, all fun. Car and Laptop all handled.
Logs - Story - Breaking glass at shop in Bangalore - can pay them aptly but not more
    recalling incident of Udhampur person putting weight in book shop - how much? tu ghotala karega.
    Tuck shop - tasty chatni with samosa; Syami's tie up - got the same flavor once while coming back to ASR from Chandigarh.
        Tie up - it's not mindless asking which works but getting involved with them does - in fact, samosa becomes a minor reward in front of human connections.
        think from vendor's perspective it's nothing but with 20 to be carried - why would I give away - I don't want the feeling of being exploited.
Logs - Story - 
    Getting to have counselor meeting this time in bangalore.
        Called Saurabh Mehta Pr outta connections I was making with all devs and he connected me with the group while I was avoiding contacting them out of fear.
        Once he invited I could not refrain myself from going - no matter shame that I would feel.
    Casual walks and thanks giving for the car movement to Tejinder Veerji - led eventually to Kerela trip that I wanted before. What I story!
        Then in my mind I wanted Rajasthan trip - that was the idea that Surabhi didi came up with - I said yes without 2nd thought. Udaipur trip.
    Stories are always getting created - we just need to pay attention and organize them for discussions.
Logs - Story - Enterpreneurship idea from a dev and even relatives rejected in Pune cuz it has to come from within. Later in BLR also.
    what do you think of doing business - it has to come from inside. I don't do it just based on externals.
Logs - Story - In SAP, with a friend, Discussion on why fal ki chinta na karo. I later would realize that he had bought BG as it is from his drawer.
Logs - Story - Mami's father in Punjab terrorism shooting.
    Dadi also. Neighbors also. Mama's relp also.
    Bro - drinking habit.    
Logs - Story
    Mami's own brother
    Street guy's father was in Jaliyawallah - he was behind - 3 gates so escaped and saw ladies falling and chaos. Marshall law so stealthly returned home.
    Servants very unprofessional
        Syami slapped for asking milk but didn't leave her still cuz of dependence.
        Even bibi - used to drink child's milk.
        Surabhi didi choking under water - bucket upside down - slapped her cuz had asked her to stand for bath.
        A guy pushed didi into drainage with all germs - bath in December so fever - very supportive only tolerating.
        Opening meter searching for sth.
        Carrying a cleaning brush outside - why - I thought you don't need this.
        Pyare's phone stolen by Avatar woodworker's son saying that his phone is lost - sim later found broken over meter.
            Avatar uncle used to say I wish to hand him over to police. He was devoted himself.
Logs - Story - Bhangra in 5th.
Logs - Story - SQ - Wide range of experience in KC -
    Jumping the cliff midnight to enter VOICE with callings.
    Locked inside asking from neighbor's help - who used to complain our sounds but pacified cuz we complied.
        1 even complained police and came to college notice also - said we are competent; MBA; stop going they said.
        Sometime no instrument playing; time slots for practice in KGP.
        KGP ghee experience, clothes buying, medicines, cycles lost, heavy rain stuck with dev, hitting street light gasping for air, 
        buying milk products KGP, exploring KGP on cycle like it's home - VTW, STW. Waking up just b4 train would leave.
        Dev little strife solved thru a vaishnava bhajan for the spirit.
    Seen all kinds of jacks - drying clothes in bus, using luggage cabin (after taking tickets), heard of devs pulling chains for mala, etc.
    Sleeping on train floor with newspaper, Bedbug problem chosen, unplanned sleeping at gulmarg, train different seatings and jacks; spot bookings, worst locals trains,
    opulent hotels - shared NIT hostel, cubicle room NIT, IIITB, Infy hostels, IOT lightings, mattress - memory, spring, ortho, etc.
        PG seen, Rental shared rooms. Driving - Cycle, Bike, Car.
Logs - Story - Saw an alpha pet dog walking by barking dogs like he is the king there and there's nothing all of them combined can do against him.
Logs - Story
    Campfire or bonfire fun in Udhampur, 
    Cow buffalo under train.
    sleeping for trains.
Logs - Story - Papa selected in AIIMS twice but refused such silly mistakes cuz no career guidance.
    May even seem foolishness - initially not more into acads for research but M.Sc. awesome theses and same topic - recruited - help them from tomorrow.
        Interviewed but didn't want so didn't even go to check the results - reprimanded by the teacher.
        Any article writing, etc - always excelling the expectations.
        Hesitation only at joining but once joined then exceeding expectations. Full investment into it.
    Huge fan following of the work that people of calibre that they recommend AIIMS director once and work starts. But unscrupulous person protecting his cubicle from sharing used cuss words for having to share and he was put off.
        may seem too much of a stubborn person but that's how it was.
        Another time some HOD of GNDU recommended to AIIMS - the director so sharp that we had met b4 but he didn't join without information but JMC offering more so that one preferred.
        That was also a story - late submission of application and impressed to the extent that personal letter came asking to join.
Logs - Story - Appointment with psychiatrist to hear my story and get money.
EQ - Civics - yes while females are disadvantaged in some ways and carrying a certain kinda subtle body with somewhat greater distance from perfection - they are also favored by transcendence
    thru sheer natural compulsions, limitations and social structures - they end up with lot of service attitude and proclivity towards spirituality.
    So, learn or take inspiration from this spirit of service attitude, etc. like Sita.
    From males we can learn sense of responsibility or dependability, being a leader (alpha) like Hanuman.
EQ - Social Validations - remarks thru incidents that is so funny. That's so unique. Identity based praises he is so funny or poetic.
    Your knowledge is exquisite in this regards. That's an amazing story or you are a great story teller - involvement in a story - what about you choosing that.
    GD - the same remarks when offered by you and listened intentfully by others are also grats.
    All mentioned flavors of IQGrats with their social twists show up here - so this study is more foundational in a way.
EQ - Your presence is celebrated like online interviews - why? cuz fun interactions. cool reveals, trivia, etc.
    even you celebrate others presence cuz that's a grat itself.
EQ - Game - make 6 with 2 hands.
EQ
    SCMLogistics - ILife working - coordinate geometry.
    Industries from basic needs - food, cloth, shelter - food industry, fashion industry, Modeling industry, Property dealer or builder.
        ESMD - Food Industry (SCMProd), Relaxation Consumerism (SCMLogistics), Fashion and Modeling (SCMLogistics and HCM), Property Dealer, Builder, Tenancy (SCMLogistics Or SocialErp)
EQ - Ashram explores along following
    Prakriti - Geography, Culture, Astronomy.
        Natural combinations of - Air, water, Land, fire, waves X jivas X human lifestyle
        Man Made - present and past achievements
            Residential - Buildings, Fort, College, subset homes (old age, etc), Palace.
            Ambience or ecosystems - Fun places for a population
                Park, Gardens, Food courts (hotels, restaurants), Malls, amusements (simulations) arena, theme parks, sports arena, animal parks (sanctuaries, zoo, aquariums), beach, etc.
                4 regs breaking ecosystem, n types of industries. Specific animals places - goshala, astabal, etc. Night life
                OFFICIAL - Spas, wellness; sights, landmarks, Fun and games, Nature and parks, museums, classes and workshops, boat tours and water sports,
                    night life (Concerts and shows), water and amusement parks, zoos and aquariums, casinos and gambling.
                Natural resource customized facade - like man made constructions to enjoy water falls.
            Social Importance (Govt Initiatives) - Bridges, Dams, Temples, Museum - tech, historical, etc, Border, Historical architectures, statues
                General - Roads, Transports, Public services (bank, postal, etc)
        Different combinations for above possible which characterize and define a place - country, state, etc.
            Exploring a new place or ranking places along a certain attribute.
            Eg - Innovation of tigers in water park for public to see.
    Jiva - Economics, Psychology (Study world politics at different granularities and you will see all of them at play - world, nation, state, district, taluka, house family, person)
        Macro scale - civics, macroeconomics.
        In Past - history
EQGrats - Chunni used for ILife safeguarding. Altar in NIT Hostels. Car arrangement and key orchestration.
SRM - Chandrabhaga, east ghats, west ghats, indian ocean. Ganga, Yamuna, etc.
SRM - ILife Robo Vaccum Cleaner bought
    direction, pause/ play, modes - zigzag, edge, random, spot cleaning, mopping.
CS - Maven - Failed to execute goal org.apache.maven.plugins:maven-war-plugin:2.2:war (default-war) on project spark-services-job-submitter: Error assembling WAR: webxml attribute is required (or pre-existing WEB-INF/web.xml if executing in update mode)
    Add maven war plugin also along with spring plugin
    <plugin>
        <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
        <artifactId>maven-war-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>3.0.0</version>
    </plugin>
    If version less than 3 then add following
        <plugin>
            <artifactId>maven-war-plugin</artifactId>
            <version>2.6</version>
            <configuration>
                <failOnMissingWebXml>false</failOnMissingWebXml>
            </configuration>
        </plugin>
CS - Code Review
    remove the hardcoded credentials
    remove commented code
    remove not really needed parts like this class serves no purpose
    Avoid using print stack trace - plan the exception hanliong properly.
    You don't override comments from previous team - that's like insulting the reviewer.
    remove unwanted dependencies from pom - use properites when recurring versions.
    always avoid sysouts - logs for production readiness
    avoid constants in the code - read from property file.
    Follow standards for naming - self explanatory in the large picture - name => respnsibile person.
    Don't write credentials in code even for testing - that's like revealing a lot to possible seers of the code.
CS - Spark Cassandra - Cannot build a cluster without contact points
    cuz url can actually not be found - it had extra quotes
CS - Code Cleaning
    Never say flag == true.
    logging or something use string formatting than concatenation potentially risky.
    use isEmpty instead of size less than 1.
    private final vs private static final (final should preferably be static always else duplication in memory)
    sanitize main command line args - don't expose anything to random user including inputs.
    Also an effort required for exceptions proper tracing in the FOE.
    Test your code thoroughly for completeness and robustness (exceptions FOE)
        So, need JUnit Tests (with Mockito if needed) and Code go through for exception handling.
CS - CF - Logs didn't have messages and the postman calls were failing - cuz it was not fully deployed so 502 was not from upstream but from the app itself.
CS - json-diff
CS - cf restage app doesn't reset the bindings so previous credentials continue to work.
    cf push also doesn't change binding - only after delete and push that bindings need re-work.
    cf ssh debug once started - after every push, we must respect the debug session; else it will continue giving 502 until you delete and create app afresh.
CS - Code Cleaning
    Thread.currentThread().interrupt(); in case of interrupt exception during sleep.
    Environment.get(VCAP_SERVICES).asString().ifPresent(vcap -> jsonObject.put(VCAP_SERVICES, vcap));
CS - GIT - sometimes we invoke git add from module and the changes outside the module don't make it to the remote repo and jenkins in git complains.
CS - Maven - use surefire plugin for testing (after 2.22.2 else junit not supported).
CS - Code Review - it's perfect to see only the delta with the master - that way only relevant merge changes visible - focus only on feature or fix in question.
    Function testing besides jenkins external tests not possible hence attaching proofs of run can be a requisite for the merge process.
    Unit tests for code sanity is desirable and ensures code coverage and clean code thru SonarQube.
    Thus the code quality process has been automated to a good degree.
CS - Not able to connect to VPN thru big ip - problem was compliance I had to update my mac version.
CS
    any() not supported for return it is mistaken for next argument.
        using supplier argument vs string - prefer string one.
        eq("false") - if other args are any().
        For generics and supplier - Matchers.[Supplier[EventRepository]]any())
        Group by class groups or file names patterns.
        Java method returns 1 healthy result and many Exception to translate into a proper user message.
    All versions now coming from properties.
        TDD development is made sure of.
        All scenarios for the FOE of abstraction of stories covered.
CS - Command line offering many python programs - fails to run cuz pyspark lib missing.
    Works fine in pycharm with the pyspark installed and arguments passed. IDE uses its own interpreter.
    Library has reference to SparkSession but runtime will need SPARK_HOME.
    Now, Jupyter notebook.
CS - SPARK Installation step by step guide
    JAVA_HOME - internally gonna be used by latter. JDK in turn.
    HADOOP_HOME - with winutils.exe added to its bin.
    SPARK_HOME - added to the path.
    PATH - add SPARK_HOME.
    spark-shell confirmation - scala prompt run an eg.
        the program internally uses the variables to invoke services from the servers or rather processes.
    PYSPARK_PYTHON - assuming python3 exists on your machine. Avoid warnings for python don't use 2.7
        variable using internally by pyspark program to run - set it to anaconda's file location python.
        so it will use this python for runtime and internally use the pyspark library for spark interpretations.
    pyspark confirmation - prompt visible and run an eg.
    run using a pycharm IDE - with any python but pyspark library added as dependency. Eg should run just fine.
    run using jupyter - install findspark in anaconda prompt and use import findspark and findspark.init() - sometimes even explicit path helps.
CS - LIB
    Wiki - Specifications and architecture. Link to GITRepo. Revision needed.
    GIT Wiki - Theory behind the code and Detailing the Repository but hands on starts.
    GITRepo - How to use the code. Wiki reference.
CS - Test build succeeds and then another build starts which fails - Close the PR and open again to retrigger the jenkins pipeline.
CS - Maven - remove plugin (JACOCO - JAVA Code Coverage) from parent using plugin specification and configuration skip to true.
IQGrats - Habit of this.port = port while it had to be this.port = value - 
    case misplacement - causing 2 services.
IQGrats - Syami saying your sitting is awesome.
    should not fear laziness cuz once in a while exception is ok - mar mit nahi jaana - getting paid for the day - ok exception and can even be honest about it or explain it away.
IQGrats - winning many arguments and accepting also while discussing with Ajay.
    My ideas accepted for derivation jobs by Ashok. Many ideas accepted in different phases of discussions.
    Understood the strengths and weakenesses of all the peers - so really knowing the stuff working on. Helpful colleagues is characteristic of SAP.
IQGrats - Even when I had covid and it was difficult with cough, fever and headache still I was solving complex problems in SAP IOT - so really devoted to my varna.
IQGrats - SAP IOT Spark services connections was quite a journey - it was a very learning experience and I got to explore all the terrains just like for different space Performance POC.
    thorough discussions and senior colleagues welcoming for weekends discussions.
    learning their approach of doing things and discussing their suggestions - validation over the best outcome - we will finish this big story.
    When their mature ideas also come as suggestions.
    I don't have to fear laziness for 1 day cuz I make up for it the very next day with huge overtime - our field itself is so interesting.
IQGrats Giving right answer, reason and wait
    For ticket solving - Ask, Involve, delegate.
IQGrats - Lapse - If it ain't working as expected from the code, simulate the exact same situations from the tool. So, this is also a parallel test like local code or working large scale code but thru the tool.
    Also, bust the clutter thru only unique thing to be testing in debugging - promise eth else works fine or get away with them.
    Helping mentality - always help as a service, with inputs and outputs expected - so reduce help to a service call to a person when we are the server or client.
    And let them resume after a help or even direction of help is extended.
IQGrats - Lapse - CS - LIB - In CF App, Why 502 after I push - gotta connect with ssh for no 502 - reason being you keep the debugger and tunnel on. That's why.
IQGrats - Imran discussion great helps but don't change returning config in validation and SJS ain't DIUtils Lib.
IQGrats - Helped Ashok with ServiceNow UXD ideas.
IQGrats - IDEA - Spark job stopping cuz of one tenant fast producing data in its kafka topic doesn't seem right 
    spark job should be robust to handle this thru exception handling for only this tenant - raise info over email or slack channel.
    Yes, and also auto-reset offsets committed offset to -1 so as to start picking from the earliest from then on.
    And if need be, set earliest offset = latest offset - to forget all produced data and get rid of the lag.
IQGrats - Lapse - Why chisel tunnel not binding although says connected cuz my localhost url was bad, or port ain't available or remote address and port combination ain't right.
    Chisel credentials to be verified, etc.
IQGrats - My assumption that topicName1 or baseURL1 exists in the remote was wrong - what you see is what you get.
    The previous response assertion was successful cuz it checked only for status and not externalId - the problem was the topicName1 not found only.
    So execution of perf was justified cuz during the processing it did go into error not the job status but the processing.
FND - Communication - Jokes involve involving different sources of information - Modiji lockdown lagate lagate haanf gaye yahaan ye corona hone par dance kar rahe hain.
    Change the context or reference - like layer of vision - like in comedy circus suddenly reminding them outta role into their real life.
    Ambiguity advantage, OOP jokes punjabi, etc.
FND - NFP - tattoo, artistic, design, outfits, tasteful, head towel, open or unmasked, hollywood posters, Age dimension, dress dimension, flowers on , touching bl.
    Tickling on, finger bb, finger roll bb.
    Squeeze, grab. Realization that it is endless chewing the chewed.
    F - Pressing ground, Pressing against, Oscillations to-fro (3D possible), bang on top, tip touch, rim touch (fold 01), campfire rotation, hand positions, side tease, lock inside.
        tongue on. Sandwiched, covered collection.
        All independently - this is called misused intelligence.
    PMO is monstrous - when I am too infatuated by it - Krishna loudly bhajans kirtans my only rescue and it definitely works.
        Other things like demigods bhajans and mundane songs also help but can't come close to the spiritual quarantine.
    It interferes with my immune system. It interferes with my TME investment on other dimensions worthy of investment.
    How much TME do you invest on your goals.
FND - NFP - Big Data Distributed Streaming phase is tried and has indeed given good results but now, next phase has to come which is gamechanger.
    Level of living has to become social (spiritual that doing things outta love is already done by me)
    Personal mastery in foundation and config terms is more or less here and now, is the time to do personal mastery at master and config DMPM level for social purposes.
    This level will be game changer in my NFP journey. I will be very social in my SVAF - not a leader (transactional) but a lead contributor (master).
    See how well Punajbis perform in different circles. Why? cuz of their social involvement and personal mastery but being rebellious is their downside.
FND - NFP - I am almost done with story of cultivating grats here. Now the story is mostly gonna be about how I got rid of this extremely deep rooted sanskar and vritti.
    Since birth it has been deep. Next, thru my life actions instead of curbing it, I have nourished it - culture could have helped and also could have hurted - I chose both with some bias towards latter.
    My solution phase has gone thru many phases. Some of them are follows
        Prayashcit Paschattap Phase - helped me a lot.
        Maximize layered grats - helped me a lot at the next level.
        Structured Streaming of layered grats - Config of Arch - this is gonna work wonders this addresses the problem at much closer to root level.
            The problem being - Life gets boring with streaming not proper or impedance in the streams - boring life or pain points in life.
            We gotta cultivate tolerance stamina (called grit) to avoid the pain points (iow, challenges - which should rather be choosed than accepted) 
            and proper plans or solutions to the streams impedance.
            For boring life or streams of grats not being proper across the layers (SVAF) - We need to have a thorough plan (IQ World) or lifestyle (abstract concrete mix) or approach (ask when in problem; seek help from managers; change, etc)
                And we should have alternatives and persistence to go on till we solve the tough challenges and experience far more grats.
                We need external validations and internal validations for SVAF - these incentivize SVAF in a huge way. So think along these lines - use concrete and abstract tracks. Short term and long term plans.
            When there is a pain - this acts as pain reliever or escape mechanism. When life is boring - this becomes a go to point - solution is have alternatives and reduce the need itself.
            Counters is a great help for this.
    The power of focus - I will get superpowers when I will focus my TME to SVAF specific goals - that's the key 
        super awesome people in world do extra-ordinary feats cuz first they want it strongly and second they are willing to pay the TME price.
        So, yes if you practice NFP along with avoiding distractions or escape mechanisms in other places like ignorance or extreme MOP - then you are bound to get super powers but in the direction you choose - one is free to still choose no direction.
    My life is SVAF - Spirituality in BJDK SQ and VA for KY primarily. F is the Fuel for all.
        I don't want just good VA or doing outta compulsion - I wanna do it outta interest or extreme fun - being in love with it - external validations and internal validations.
        of course, V has greatest portion in the day. Next we have Personal (Spiritual and FND).
        Ashram has lesser hours in the workday and more in weekends - but is very pivotal and has high importance - even directly satisfy the mind with lesser price and more rewards.
FND - NFP - Lick; Replay - Normalization based
    P should be taken seriously - it's a small lapse which should be accepted. If you don't sequence will follow.
    Sleep should be valued - Learn how to increase the value of sleep when it's time - thru affirmations, retros over the day, planning next day and deep breathes.
    It's all about microeconomics - I choose what I value the most with my TME - I really think indulgence is more valuable than abstinence.
    Instead of days let's have a 15 weeks redirection protocol.
        I will have journal with what's the week's personal agenda, and a topic or book focus. At least I owe it to myself.
FND - NFP - Week 1 - Win Friends book. Also sleep on time.
    Measurements journal - ??
FND - NFP - masked only specific parts. Unmask specific parts.
FND - NFP - Fallbacks in life or in situations can be multi-layered. The latter the better.
    Shelter of lust (or likes) - better still, if it's not anti-devotion
    Shelter of worldly love (or love talks - poetry, songs, etc.)
    Shelter of transcendental peace.
    Shelter of spiritual love.
FND - it is most important to be internally strong. So, do the needful.
FND - NFP - only in week 2 and I could see notable differences.
    Good sense of humor, very talkative, very active at responding, excellent recall of stories.
    These are many times experience of mine - of course, there was also investment in those lines not just streak days.
    So, my observation says NFP gives power which when channelled in any field yields excellent results.
FND - Book - Awaken the giant within
    Exercises - list your values - contradictory or empowering also disempowering ones.
    Beliefs or rules for life.
    Identity - must conform to.
    Emotional state you are in - physical affects your emotional state.
FND - NFP - Big Data Streaming phase of PIES arch is where the next powerful thing is gonna happen
    There is a spontaneous interest in it - even when not triggered, there is a call for enjoyment.
    Is it a sorry state? Not really - the sorry state is the stakes of Big Data Streaming (Distributed and Structured Streaming) is still not ruling the show.
        There is a still a competition that's the sorry state - I need to worry that progress pull should be greater than restrictive pull.
        Progress pull should be disproportionately high.
    The only way to make it abate is to make the other wolf stronger - Taoism - black shrinks as the white grows.
    There is no need to list more of NFP dimensions and list of values it can take
        just the idea of permutation, combination of everything along with all life dimensions should be enough.
        Now the real listing needs to be how we channel our strengths and not how we spend them. It's time for big data streaming.
Sume - IQ - using design patterns in projects
    Mememento pattern in BYD NSME - to undo for atomicity of a transaction. State Design pattern proposed instead of graph framework but not used. Appreciated by colleagues through.
    Visitor pattern, command pattern, template method pattern witnessed.
    Siemens - witnessed singleton and factory pattern.
    SAP IOT - witnessed following
        For refactoring monitoring code - adapter pattern, decorator proposed but rejected for refactoring
        For spark services connectivity check, witnessed 
            builder pattern - Factory used but rejected in favor of builder cuz we won't have a spark job but directly let consumers use our library.
            Null pattern to give a default services behavior; Mememento pattern only glimpse to reset options to null after usage.
            Facade pattern supported under the builder pattern - instead of adding all service credentials one by one - give the vcap which internally uses all the methods like options, add, connect (or build)
        Observer pattern witnessed for kafka scale up or scale down.
Sume - Maven many plugins - dependency plugin to copy, shaded plugin for uber jar, scala plugin, war plugin, etc.
Sume - EQ - I feel fortunate to be born in Punjab and of my family member therein.
    I personally feel Punjab is culturally among the best even in India in terms of spiritual favorable culture - south India also has it being separated but see non-veg, etc is far more.
    our people are decent, not vulgar, spiritually inclined, politically smart, socially smart, vegetarians in high percentage, vocally smart etc.
    I am fortunate to travel and explore different places - all special in their own way.
Sume - AWS, SCP, Azure in SAP IOT. DoD work.
    Spark Batch, Spark Streaming. Grafana.
Sume - OpenCV Nephew detection from score of pics.
Sume - FND - I had started to use apps for exercise in BLR; also lifting bed for weight lifting.
Sume - Paypal - ability to trace hive query to its hadoop equivalent. Also how to translate any MR to hive query.
    Abstract or Spirit
        If you write it in sume then expect follows - knowledge questions, practical application questions, understanding questions, present experience.
            Ability to write architecture (High level knowledge). Gimme spark architecture - scribble the HDFS, etc.
            Ability to write practical solutions to problems (think a problem in exercises in a book). Eg - if you say Hive, then answer this random question.
            Given a solution you should know different way to tweek (your powers in the programming world). Understanding every statement and other statements that you didn't write - whole data or programming model with configs.
        Challenges encountered in every endeavor - ability to discuss - how friendly fun interaction this can potentially be.
        Experience - quote your experience. How much can you talk about a given experience or tool therein.
    Concrete
        General - tell you general and relevant experience
        Write the architecture of spark.
            not comparison with MR but architecture.
        Hive query - optimized query with no duplicates - return latest row update - use partitioned by and window.
            rate yourself on scale 1 to 5.
            https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/Hive/LanguageManual+WindowingAndAnalytics
        Spark code to write word count program. Read from csv write into parquet.
            Tweek it for 1 output file.
            What all configs encountered - cluster level, spark session level.
            Challenges faced.
        ML experience - only REST API then not worth talking.
Sume / CS - 
    Analytics
        Platform, Design Tools, Tensorflow keras Framework, PL - R, Python, Libs - Pandas, SciPy, Scikit, etc.
    Transactional Apps Devp
        Platform - OS, VMs, VPN, etc.
        Project Design Tools - Maven, GIT, IDE, etc.
        Framework (Spring), UI Frameworks (React, etc) etc.
        PL - JAVA, JS, etc.
        Utils / Libs
            Reusable Services - Perform reuse work
                Specializations - Smartness - Spark for fast distributed processing, ML for Learning
                Compile time smartness - from Analytics results
                    Smart transactional exits or patches over batch - Separate data manipulation (Spark, etc) to be read from and written to persistence.
                    Separate learning (ML) service using trained model to respond. Eg - IR or SIV in prev proj.
                Runtime Smartness - Transactional or streaming Smartness - Spark Streaming. ML online.
                    Spark Streaming JVM separated from JVM for master and config - transaction spark processing can use master and config in its jar or at runtime from persistence.
                    Different transactional system
                        using spark streaming to write at 1 place and retrieve from another 
                        OR Consuming Spark Job results over SJS or so.
                    Given a transactional user story - the data from the user story is online learning for many models and also consumer of many trained model.
                        Either same process or different process.
            Persistence - All kinds, even message queue, etc.
Sume - SIOT - VPN heavy usage. CF debugging thru IntelliJ, Spark Kibana logs. SonarQube, Code Cleaning. JUnit, Mockito, MockMVC, Maven surefire plugin.
Sume - Monitoring spark jobs while platform update happens in against CF spaces in different landscapes.
Sume - Strategy pattern for all the Unit testing.
Sume - Scrum, TDD, Waterfall, etc.
SQ - AN is primarily about BV to SV - svarth to paramarth. Selfishness to extended self.
    KY - thru VA service or Dharma finding the ultimate expression of union.
    JY - tattva darshan thru sattva path - DMPM.
    DY - life of absorption meditation - yam niyam practices to be able to do that.
    BY - 9 stages with anartha nivritti being from svarth to paramarth
        (maps to sattvik life JY; maps to yam niyam DY; maps to dharma parayan KY) primarily done thru Bhajan kriya (maps to tattva darshan or nididhyasanam; maps to meditation; maps to dharma parayan action)
        BK to AN maps in JY stages (Mananam to Nididhyasanam); DY stages (Pranayam to Pratyahar); KY stages (Dharma samashti - e1 to srishti - constitutional)
        Following this there's nishtha (Preaching) and growing interest in transcendence (Dharana Dhyan in DY; Sakshatkar in JY; parameshti in KY)
    This is more difficult to get perfection cuz it's a lifetime course and conglomerates all the yogic paths - common people can still perfect in stages and in other ages.
        The toughest road is that of anartha nivritti - getting across unfavorable after picking the favorable.
        Many don't even pick up the favorable whole heartedly so where's the question of next stages.
SQ - Actual purpose of all of SVAF is spiritual but incentivized by Krishna in other ways as well - FDDL.
    Krishna has made such a sweet arrangement for evolution - where in every SVAF situation we have seniors (servers), equals (peers) and juniors (clients)
SQ - All preachers are at least on nishttha stage (for stability) so kindly respect them mentally properly.
SQ - Representatives of God in this world
    Seniors and Care takers - SM, Devas, Rishis, King, Customers or guests, Parents, Nature, etc.
    Similarly Chanakya Pandit on 7 classes of mother or motherly or mother-like behavior (along some important dimensions, of course)
        ?There's also a conception of transcendental mother.
    Although Representatives they don't change the fact that to represent and to be ain't the same thing but similar. Accessible.
IQGrats - Lapse - I was search for /Things in project but in REST by spring, path can also be specified as @Path("Things")
    This was solved by getting handle for v2/Things and locating the file and searching in its vicinity.
    Next, Another manifest.yml is maintained at the maven parent project path - but sets the path for main deployable module only so no problem there 
    basically intended to avoid having to go to child module to push an app to cf.
CS - 1 way of finding execution trace of a code is to backtrack using file hierarchy - what writes to kafka - which class and thus we reach to which API called it.
Sume - CBA (Commonwealth Bank of Australia) DS
    1.5 crore records and many columns.
    Installed anaconda, anaconda navigator launched.
        Anaconda installed in the applications folder in mac.
        Downloaded file remains at download folder.
    4.2 GB loaded from csv in 80 sec (in unicode). And Hardware resources challenged to their limits.
        2 GB file is tough to handle for simple PCs but under that is a breeze.
    3 sec to make a column numeric with 1.5 crore records.
    10 license for 1 medallion (1700 entries for that medallion)
        license - all the travels by a driver.
        But unique medallion for a given driver_license.
        1 license - 1, 6, 1, 4 medallion.
    hack license = permit, license
    Using sql query it is clear that evenings 6 to 8 are busiest.
        union of the 2 is the best bet for this also.
    Another alternative approach would be to write lambda function to count hours for every interim journey.
        Same idea can be applied to busiest locations also but that would be foolish to do extra effort.
            It's really foolish cuz of bad assumptions that all coordinates in middle are used (locality of reference).
            2 tracks A to B and C to B - may seem reasonable to take point D that both will pass through but that's ill informed 
            maybe A to B thru E and C to B thru F and D is least used path or impossible coordinate.
        Need a heat map for busiest locations using only pick up and drop - both.
    Make reasonable assumption for calling trips - round off to 3 digits.
    DS - QA will need no automation. Nor will problem solving take. But models made if complex or using pipeline will involve some small automation.
        but this automation is nowhere close to what SDE folks are used to.
    medallion, hack_license, vendor_id, rate_code, store_and_fwd_flag, pickup_datetime, dropoff_datetime, passenger_count, trip_time_in_secs, trip_distance, pickup_longitude, pickup_latitude, dropoff_longitude, dropoff_latitude
    medallion, hack_license, vendor_id, pickup_datetime, payment_type, fare_amount, surcharge, mta_tax, tip_amount, tolls_amount, total_amount
    Pandas can't handle join of 2 2GB tables - spark is powerful it can easily join 1.5 crore records.
        18,307,944,547 - 18 Billion records.
    where abc1.medallion = table2.medallion and abc1.` hack_license` = table2.` hack_license` and abc1.` vendor_id` = table2.` vendor_id` is not enough
        too many records because the person A with Taxi T working for Vendor V - charges n people and makes m trips over a month - merging them is cross product across them.
        include at least the same day.
    Lapse - Thought of pickup_datetime as payment_datetime - merging is piece of cake if that's the case.
        With payment we had to make sure that payment in within the range of start and end trip or within tolerance of that and therefore ensure that another trip doesn't eat that up.
        There is no late payment getting adjusted for another trip - bad dirty data.
    Smartness of join thru spark and writing csv and reading thru pandas.
        now we can also revise the number of passengers per trip.
    After trying different methods without tracing the learning over observations, finally decision tree was performant with lesser error 
        but thru R2 it was only as good as using means cuz some observations would go entirely haywire.
        What does this mean - we can improve a lot - Next move would be tracing.
        And then using ensemble methods for learning.
        Further still, there is a possibility of using neural networks or deep learning for regression
            yes, deep learning supports regression also - in the last layer we replace classification with regression.
        Deep learning should be the last resort to avoid overkill and overfitting - and also, the learning is untraceable but error over time is observable.
    Realization about DS field
        Neither fun, nor money, nor adding up from past for best service, different from CS, And it's simple - just unexciting effort.
        Best way to decide is to live it for a short time and you will know.
        It's surely innovation and utility but not worth changing a field for.
    DS
        Established for fact that medallion isn't a trip code cuz it was not already informed.
        Busiest hours - 2 flavors - discrete hours vs any hour starting any time.
            1st is easier problem using sql on standard bin size.
            2nd can seen with smaller bins diagram.
    Sume - CBA Challenge - approaches
        Internet access - this was most important while doing programming exercise cuz syntax is important.
            best we organize and standardize this for future - standardized pandas, sklearn, spark in the process.
        Excel - can't handle that big data but can showcase results after analytics is done and we have very small table.
        SQL - Sqoop, etc to first insert into hdfs. OR make dataframe in spark and convert to table and then use it - that's best and easy and performant.
        Big Data Spark - spark df or spark sql works best for table manipulations. For ML and graphX I need to go thru them.
            Used spark command line - pyspark - cuz wanted to just try it all.
            Jupyter Spark could have been best
            Online Spark was not tried but good for immediately trying things out.
                Cloud - no access so not worth thinking. For databricks also possible but it will forget after the session is over - will need to save for sure.
            IDE - Spark on IDE like pycharm or IntelliJ - this is again useful for automating and thinking like ML or Data engineer along with with SDE.
        R, Python - for both ML and descriptive, exploratory - great tools but can't handle too big data 
            like 2GB was still manageable but when it came to join - it fell apart. That time spark sql join came to the rescue and it could handle it.
                and then write into 
            Pycharm - good for automation feel of a program and also viewing csv files always. And outline the project sideways.
            RStudio / Spyder - similar feels of the tool although spyder was too slow - but run statements and see in console in parallel and then forget previous console results.
            Jupyter - Best for showcasing, remembering, etc.
        Google:advantages of using mean as measure of central tendency
PIES - We want to support economics for SVAF.
    Spiritual association (buying books, taking seminars etc)
    Office for work (deals, mutual rewards)
    Family and friends (fun exchanges)
    Personal level (reward oneself aptly for desirable actions)
Logs - Story - 2 stories
    what is talli - different language looking for bell - will ask somebody but even the helpers indicated talli would be near trunk and went inside with door closed.
    Brahmins offering first those days - 1 tall muslim used to stand in street and she used to feel horrified seeing him 
        dhat dhat outta nowhere - ki hoya, koi daka pai gya. She ran away - imagine his response.
    Vinarani Aunty dharma sankat
        COVID time high casualties. No free hosptial, Oxygen shortage and Mutated virus.
        Going to the house for afsos - this time is not suited for elderly people anyways.
        Whether to go and make yourself vulnerable (with really high probability) OR to not go and appear disinterested (but people will understand)
        compare the weightage - with 1 it's little good of formality (they are grown and can handle it + there are more + e1 know elderly are affected).
            With another, it's potentially a lot bad.
        I involved Syami cuz I knew which way the outcome would go in spite of earnest effort from me and mama - involving didi would mean lots of aggression
            also Syami doesn't go well on decision making fronts with her.
        With his little ideas and discussions, Papa agreed although it was most difficult for him - dharma sankat then any decision makes you feel bad but we have to choose the lesser bad option.
        for once even I thought maryada was more important than life itself. This happened after Syami dropped the phone cuz he could not accomodate Surabhi didi on call.
    Attention required while buying from hawkers - You didn't give money for kulcha. Vatta being wrong.
        Alu kulcha from dhaba - any dang rate was told, asked owner to make bill - the gap was 25%. Even with veggies owner if you don't compute, they may get away with adding 10-20 Rs more.
    Philosophers of corona. It comes from mobile rays - conspiracy by govt to control population.
CS - Machine Learning
    scikit-learn is a Python module for machine learning built on top of SciPy and distributed under the 3-Clause BSD license. On the other hand, SciPy is detailed as "Scientific Computing Tools for Python". ... scikit-learn and SciPy are both open source tools
    Sklearn is built on top of Python libraries like NumPy, SciPy, and Matplotlib, and is simple and efficient for data analysis. However, while Sklearn is mostly used for machine learning, PyTorch is designed for deep learning. ... Ease of Use: Undoubtedly Sklearn is easier to use than PyTorch.
    There are also other Deep Learning tools which use GPU like Theano.
    So, both TensorFlow and PyTorch provide useful abstractions to reduce amounts of boilerplate code and speed up model development. The main difference between them is that PyTorch may feel more pythonic and has an object-oriented approach while TensorFlow has several options from which you may choose.
    TensorFlow is an open-sourced end-to-end platform, a library for multiple machine learning tasks, while Keras is a high-level neural network library that runs on top of TensorFlow. Both provide high-level APIs used for easily building and training models, but Keras is more user-friendly because it's built-in Python
IQ - Manage Signature option (under annotate option under tools) in every pdf tool - adobe, preview.
	also paint online.
CS - Mac advantages
    Fast download in maven.
    spotlight search and easy switch. Different desktops (but difficult full screen and dock)
    Problem of open file with enter.
    hand gestures. smart key ribbon (but missing fn keys)
    No touch screen.
    Sleep mode support. Neat interface (but ms good at UXD).
    Missing beauty of MS office.
Logs - Story - Nikhil Bhaji discussion about daughter Saanvi (means lakshmi).
Logs - Surabhi didi
    The problem is when it comes to work we start to see hours but when it comes to tv watching, we forget all times.
    When you work like with full focus and attention magic starts to happen.
    IITian from different stream changed to CS after a gap of home preparation and made a switch every year and in matter of years was in 20L.
    Yes sense of responsibility and ability to handle things should grow over years. 
        1 lady asked didi what I am not able to do it - of course you can do it. 
        It's possible - the confidense comes with practice.
CS - cf ssh - connection breaks when the application stops for any reason.
Logs - Story - Reference from Nikhil Bhaji on how is going to go to Bangalore - he ain't going cuz they support home pick up; they had not told.
    Surabhi Didi and Syami Pra's help and guidance on accept the current offer and try to raise the bid and not replay huawei - I need it so let it be.
Logs - Story - 1 devotee friend wanted to help a covid suffering friend - he contracted it himself and lost his life.
    Many casualties - Bhakti Charu Swami, Pankajanghri Prabhu.
Sume - Samsung Bargain - can we move some component. I will feel better.
	that I feel is less. that is high.
	50% hike you got - less paid - can't keep you on lesser package. E1 else on higher side.
		I am gonna start family - I am changing cuz I need it.
		If variable you can move to fixed. Repeat the statements.
	Increase my fixed component - variable move to fixed - you know better I feel fixed is less.
	Notice period.
	Joining time.
	Notice period - place.
Sume Process - Samsung as an eg.
    Get recruited or selected.
    Get offer mail after all the details you give (including shares)
    Call and get clarifications and expectations gaps. Offer suggestions to improve and your concerns.
        accept the offer when you think it's ready.
        Think about getting company shares also after getting the offer.
    Inform your manager about your decision and shoot a mail for notice period to start - announcing your last date.
    Get the best bid meanwhile and prepare for it.
        In your current company your 2nd honeymoon period starts - no major reponsible task will be assigned to you.
IQ - working is exactly like stock bidding - we have only one resource and we want the best bid. Just do that systematically.
SCMProd - Oats Fruits Porridge, 
IQGrats - Lapse - When we attach debugger to cf application - it won't work normally until you connect your remote ssh debugger to it.
IQGrats - Nikhil Bhaji asked about an DSA problem
    Sume - Confirm practically that the time complexity of operations in quick sort is m.log(n) as claimed by plotting it on graph.
    count number of operations for quick sort and plot x-axis exponential scale n and number of operations on y-axis linear scale.
    The output line should be linear.
    explained it on ms paint SaaS - https://jspaint.app/#local:5772fc1a970a8
Sume - CBA Interview
    Experience discussion - Narrative for DS - M.Tech specialization in CS Core with courses on DS.
        Siemens primarily big data with some little machine learning like decision trees.
        SAP Labs - BYD - Data cleaning and validation for pdf data extraction and not into model training.
            SME Shopping cart approval - how it works in offices. How any value addition and automation is a great service.
            E-Invoicing great idea on word cloud. Didn't materialize cuz some other team took it up but idea was appreciated.
                concept - CIV creates XML message for country specific and is to be consumed by SIV - identify country and hence specific schema using word cloud.
            Some FIN UI screens - source documents, on Clearing, settlements, general ledger.
            Current work - Using spark streaming for transactional processing - take advantage of distributed computing to read and write IOT messages to/ from kafka
                for use cases of processing sensors to things, enrichments thru derivations and persistence into object store.
    and work day discussion - ML primarily cuz another data engg team. GIS data - which locations to target, what strategy to play, etc.
        ed is different but will try my best.
        Modeling or statistical learning principles will come as our area of responsibility.
        Not data analytics, or recording - close to functions team. Our area of expertise - applying and scaling up processes.
        Some risk in estimation and results - predictions and output 
        that could occur for single forecast - Rate of interest on investment.
        For question - time window - something scaled up to entire population. 
        Propensity of our clients to need or desire a new lending product for marketing and contract or contact purposes.
        Challenge around research procedure every now and then - how to allocate on scarce budget. Like ?money, allocating personnel across geography of Australia.
        Which product should be sold ahead of another product - what is the risk associated with that. Risk estimation, downside.
        Large scaled query on our big data source if that question is best answered thru bootstrapped simulation procedure.
            if aggregate over entire population then some data here and some data there.
            estimation then us vs exact calculation then to someone else.
        That gives you a view of task in there.
        70-80% of current effort is around our outbound and inbound strategy. Developing models and predictions to support that effort.
            it moves based on what's in forefront and what's in the queue. And what emergency might come up.
            Eg - covid last year so lots of requests on risk estimation.
            Eg - Push5 - working with very large giant data sources - which source code to which customer gets affected.
            So lots of other work can come outside of traditional marketing initiative.
    Quiz
        Financial Mathematics 
            Link between 2 equations - (1+Rd/m)^(n.m) and e^(rc.t)
            amount to principal - CF0 + CF1/(1+r0) + .... + CF2/(1+rn)^n = ???
        statistics and probability intuition checks
            Which metric - Variance formula given (and also graph) - what's missing - divide by n and for sample variance n-1.
            sd deviation vs deviation - can replace mean with median
            How minimize its result - which statistic - all xi = mu - what's the minimum value and when will that be.
            Prior and posterior probability. Extra information if all same data in a table none.
                what is its cardinality - can be m:n but generally many causes to 1 effect but can be vv.
                Given P(Label) and P(X|???) - what's the 3rd column.
        Linear Algebra and Calculus check
            given the expanded formula for error in the linear regression in rms form - why would this formulation be used 
            and how to simplify it - using matrix or what is relation between this formula and this matrix form.
            Dimensions of the results. What are the requirements on X for the matrix form to work 
            it should be invertible or no dependency else it's rank would reduce and inversion in the formula won't be possible.
        Machine Learning Review
            Difference between K-means and K-medoids. Why would you choose between the 2 - not asked.
            what's KNN and which ML procedure is this.
            ROC curve - what curve is this. Mistook it with elbow curve.
                what statistic do they present.
                what does dotted diagonal line represent.
                what other statistics would you infer from the figure on the left and why would it be used.
        Programming and Data skills check
            what does the query seek to do - age and gender - aggregation functions - max and avg wages and count of people.
                There's a bug in the code - group by and select columns difference.
                what would change if we replace LEFT join by inner or right join.
            Which language - HIVEQL.
                what does it seek to do.
                identify a bug - not asked.
                what does hive.exec.parallel do - let job be distributed into tasks.
                What can we do to make it faster - separate the operation by union and take the union later of the 2 tasks.
                which system or programming paradigm does the query refer to HIVEQL it is.
            What is spark
                how is it different from hive. SQL Engine vs execution engine.
                how do partition numbers impact performance?
                what is hash join and how is it used by spark workers?
                    spark SQL - using hash joins (not using the bits comparisons but hash comparisons of the data we merge on)
                    Disadvantages - key collision. And also something more.
                        it distributes its hash index across its all the workers. If dealing with very big payload and it's well partitioned.
                        your hash joins end up taking all of the memory space even if well partitioned.
                        payload merge sort also there with spark - where you sort and split out across the worker nodes instead.
                        Challenge there is computation cost but hash join is little less expensive.
            Programming knowledge - which language python
                what does self represent - the instantiated object - the caller of this method.
                identify input args = null, recursion and what this program does - typecasting whole dictionary to apt datatypes.
        DevOps and MLOps checks
            CICD what you know - Jenkins, CF deployments. We use something else but good.
    CBA Presentation Plan
        Data - what do we have here and what fields and what information in general terms and some technical terms.
        Challenges or cleaning efforts - Merging 2 tables will be required in future, nan values, 0.0 values, etc. Too huge but pandas can handle - not merge so spark there.
        General insights.
        Specific questions. Arrange from descriptive to prescriptive.
            Answers to the questions - roll up for the answer and drill down the details to technical and further to implementation if needed.
            Explore alternatives and how they performed.
            Evaluation metrics - alternatives and what it denotes.
PIES - We base our life as following our bliss. The alchemist book is based on this - in karma, you have a calling.
    even challenges on the path are the original you.
    So live life as if YOLO but follow this path espcially cuz not YOLO 
        it is about evolution and not somehow fitting in for max rewards in 1 life even if it's unnatural and unorganic.
    Live life in more of natural way and organic way - don't ask what you believe in or what's right in world or Philosophical eyes.
        If it's not coming organically it's not natural or perhaps we need time to get there.
    All tech gadgets and services hack into our natural reality - they provide lots of help and convenience but they also shape our new reality.
        Our natural instinctive tendencies get channelled thru the tech as well and that could have quite different effect.
        We see pixels and imagine real person and fantasize reality while it is a highly partial and tailored representation of reality.
        Eg - Female attraction is very natural but we dovetail it in the digital and ignore real women and proper relationship with worldly appeasements.
        This is what saints don't approve of but after your sanskars and vrittis are enough evolved then it will rather be organic to not run after these.
SRM - Griller.
    Home automation - ILife, Camera detection information on smartphone, Water motor inform when water tank is full.
    Door bells etc are not automations but electricals or electronics.
SCMProd - Shakkar Parotha, Pyaas Parotha, Oreo Cake at home, Bread cut sandwich, bread grilled sandwich, bread sandwich with moistmaker.
    Bread grilled with amchoor
    Last year myself bread dosa.
CS - Spark - java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: Failed to find data source: org.apache.spark.sql.redis
    add the maven dependency for spark-redis-connector.
Movie - Vadhaiyaan ji Vadhaiyaan. Mr and Mrs 420. Lucky di unlucky story. Bhaji in problem. Carry on Jatta. Carry on Balle Balle.
    Qismat, Nikka Zaildar 1-3, jatt and juliet, Yaar Anmulle, Naukar Vahuti da.
    Ardaas, Jijaji, Chak de phatte, Double di trouble.
Sume - CBA - Presentation ideas
    Keep it spicy and not monotonous.
    Maths lecture in english vs Did vedic maths and it was hinglish.
    Tell what all alternatives were and how this is the best.
    How to answer the questions best - the team already knows enough about it - we need to sell ourselves - what new idea you brought to table.
        how you became a part of them by fulfilling their end goal - money saved or profits increased.
    Use the terms which they like and use everyday - like for banking it will be profits or use cases for business etc.
    Avoid traversing the territories you are not confident with like neural networks while you don't want them to ask questions.
    Justify eth - Why such accuracy - this is what showcases the real data scenario that accuracy is small in the real world but we gotta improve and make most outta that.
Logs - Story - Corruption in govt schools - no possibility of moving to another competitor so gotta appease the boss and politics is bound to grow.
    Power distance grows cuz of boss appeasement. And power is exploited cuz power is there undeniably.
    Corruption grows cuz loopholes can be identified and taken advantage of as long as one can maintain communication gap at layer and respecting hierarchy.
    Eg - Govindram who would not pay for the exam duty saying that money has not come yet - no digital traceability those days.
    So escalation had to be done cuz face off in extreme cases but better alternative could have been verbal manipulation (implicit warning)
        that since you can't, let me escalate for sangathan to fasten the process.
Logs - Story - Nikhil Bhaji - home pick up flights wasted. but benefit of sap shares taken advantage of.
IQ - Privacy and Security - Firewall stopping the app from using camera. So after changing the flag MS teams could use the camera as well.
CS - Arch - 
    It is highly desirable to present your system architecture as a code.
    In DS, we can think of having many utility pieces of code with us and whenever a new business problem shows up we think in terms of how to connect those pieces together.
CS - LIB - Consulting - to arrive at what the requirements are - think of simplest system design and then wonder why we have any more logic and you will know.
Logs - Story - RSP said please take prasadam so heart warming it was.
Sume - In SIOT I got Spark Batch Processing (CSW, SparkConnections), Spark Streaming Processing (StateSpec-based joins for the streams, just distribution and query based streamings)
    For some of the things, that's common or already built, I can't say I built it but I can say we build (or extend) and maintain it.
    without knowledge and skills one can't even claim that.
SCMProd - Chila myself also in Blr, Chila authentic at home, Oats dosa with paneer variants.
Sume - CBA - Assignment - PPT making is remaining.
    Business and Data Understanding - Insights into data;Data described with all the available attributes
        Trip Details - trip start and end location given by a medallion.
        Trip Fare Details - How much a trip that started at given time, for a medallion costed.
        Enrichments - Trip Merged Details - cardinality 1:1 - trip with all its details.
            prepared using spark cluster
    Data Preparation - Cleaning for quality data.
        Removing spaces in column names - difficult to work with columns that have spaces in them.
        Remove 0.0 and empty data in a set of attributes.
        Remove the rows with NaN.
        Typecasting data columns.
        Many Extractions required to answer important questions - covered later.
            Date time to day and time hour and time minutes.
        Trips uniquely identifiable thru coordinates alone => need to decide on precision so dropped decimals to keep precision of 300 meters.
        Time minutes on scale of 60 needs to be converted to 100 for sake of graphs and better interpretation.
        outliers removal not done.
        Sampling not required cuz pandas able to handle this much data on my system.
            spark based merging cuz pandas could not handle.
        Rows to start with reduced after cleaning data.
    CYCLE - QA with drill down and comparisons and benefits.
        Data Description and Exploration
            Data distribution for a set of columns.
            passenger_count typically 1 but can exceed up to 9. Potential customers are huge.
            Most of the payments are done by card already; second being cash - so already popular and there is a chance of card selling to these people.
            Fare amount is on average 1.47 units and is much beyond median - so that means it has fat head - most of the people end up paying lesser for their small journeys.
            Challenge - Personal effort to prove that medallion isn't a trip - but if I could interact with source of data then this problem could be avoided.
            Average distance is 2.8 much greater than median so most people travel lesser than 2.8 and comparatively lesser percentage travel significant more which can even go till 100 Km.
            Busiest hours start from 6 and 9 pm - with 19th or 7 pm to 8 pm being most crowded; 6-7 is next.
            Some locations so busy that about 11.9% trips used that location for either drop or starting point. That one of every 8th trip.
                Bronx River Greenway, New York, NY 10473, United States of America
                75th percentile being The Dene, East Drive, New York, NY 10153, United States of America - almost 11 miles drive from there.
            Greatest time variance is observed around 1 km travel near 309 West 230th Street, New York, NY 10463, United States of America.
                if however one is curious about deviation from normal - then a trip that started from an unknown road with zip code 11430 took around 3 hrs.
                    That's after ignoring bad data.
                    better ignore this interpretation.
                    Null island where coordinates are taken as 0,0 and India is in 1st quadrant.
            Many drivers drove very consistently
                eg 1 driver with medallion 001C8EC421C9BE57D08576617465401A had 3 trips all with same charge.
                And driver with medallion 17A3D1C9C47C5B519AECCE5BB75625B4 charged very inconsistenly across his 10 drives for obvious reasons.
                Another interpretation wrt locations - 
                There are many trips with very consistent rates - these trips were usually over a very small distance.
                Maximal deviation was observed for the trip without rate_code standardization sd can be as huge as 3.72 of mean in extreme cases but even for 3rd quartile or 75% percentile - the deviation is 0.20
                    so more or less with using mean as predictor, we will be approximately correct more than 3/4 of the times.
                    With rate codes considered, mean can be considered as a even a better cuz max deviation reduces to 2.37 in that case.
        Modeling
            test size - 0.3 cuz huge data.
            LinearRegression - 0.019336783789338563 - so almost as good as mean - only a little improvement.
            PolynomialRegression - r2 was 0.7482960536880445 - good predictors.
            Decision Tree - r2 0.7482960536880445 - highest predictor being locations.
        Evaluate Results
        Prescriptions - ToDos
            how to maximize profits - learn from medallion drivers with greatest earnings over a span.
                to scale it to 10 cabs - most probably do it 10x but confirm this.
            how to relax the most with average profits - repeat this process.
            1 way of solving it is to obtain the multi-polynomial complex equation and solve it using differential calculus - along the lines of coursera course also.
                while this is the best approach but this is not easy and is time consuming.
                it is not applicable to all the models who are not just polynomial expressions.
            More desirable at present moment is to perform statistical pattern recognition - find the dataset that meets the conditions that we want.
                like highest earning or highest relaxing with average income - find dataset using normal distribution.
                now to perform pattern recognition simple one ASAP - use describe function
                to get the nature of the information on the dataset that we are interested in.
            Preparation - trip_merged["trip_duration"] to find who gets to relax most and how much relaxation do the best performers do.
    Deployment - NA
    QA - Many Refer to recording later.
        Distributions types - binomial, multinomial, normal, zipfian, log normal, etc.
            Is it normal distribution - yes but a little skewed.
            what about log normal - yes it's that.
            Which distribution drops very sharply and goes on way till end - zipfian distribution.
            Which distribution goes on increasing on Geometric scale - that's exponential but there would be limit to it.
        How do you find distance in GIS - earth is sphere so 2 coordinates on the sphere and not pythogorus.
            also how you figured the location - SaaS on web.
        The only intepretation I was looking for what not greatest deviation but greatest standard deviation from the grouping only and that's right.
            but then you should not call it standard deviation but I didn't say - yes, it was about grouping only.
        What's the meaning of central tendency - indicative number.
            you used exploratory way to find out - what would be other approach - using it as predicted y value and find out the RMSE.
        What does it mean if RMSE is high and remains high after training and test - it means model has high bias or underfitted.
        Why used R2 - how do you interpret it - improvement over error over mean as prediction.
            R2 is negative? yes, it can be negative when model performs worse than using mean as predictor.
        What are your assumption in busiest hours - quantized over minute clock as 00. Difference would be change the scale to aggregate and then use windowing function to cumulate and find the highest.
        What are your assumption in busiest locations - considering only beginning and end locations and cuz there's no data for the middle.
        Prescriptions done in the last day cuz more than interview I was curious about how I would do it.
        Are you a leader -  no I am a developer; my work is technical in nature.
CS - BDDSAI -  Big data files Processing using shell or java as tools - 2.6 GB
    Shell regular commands like wc responds in like 9-10 sec.
        it is possible that even shell scripting will perform quite neat but as observable - it is only a slight improvement over making programs.
    Using java program to read 14 million records 
        got heap space out of memory exception at 3.12 million records. That's around 1/4th file size and this processing took 5 sec.
        This is very encouraging in terms of time and also that heap space has to be conscious about.
        btw my configuration is also good - it's mac, it's 16 GB RAM and so forth.
        that's ability to process IO at the rate of approx 700 MB per 5 second so roughly 150 MB per sec.
        operations like replaceAll in java for size of 400 MB string is unwelcomed.
            even 300 MB accepted. But 350 is not.
        Time taken
            3 sec for reading, 5 sec for regex replace cleaning, and processing failed.
            next time - 3 sec reading, 4 sec cleaning, 9 sec processing, instant writing. based on trivial word splitter.
            with proper split of comma - 3 sec reading, 6 sec cleaning, processing heap dump. with 200 MB - 4 sec cleaning and 33 sec processing.
            with 200 MB data - cleaning and writing almost instantaneous but processing took 4 sec.
            This means - with proper memory management (like remembering only essence while traversing) java tools can give a value helping aid
                to do something outta box like DSA. But always try to think in terms of utils and not reinventing wheel cuz that takes time.
                with only a little penalty on time taken - instances scaling possible just like distributed computing.
                Difference being 20 people each doing independent 1 unit of work vs 20 unit of work shared across 20 people.
    Spark was able to answer complex questions like group by and aggregation in matter of 10 sec based on complexity 
        so that's still 1 node and 2x plain JAVA's just reading without processing.
PIES - Inspiration from DS.
    We live life in silo theories - we have model for everything discrete thing like Philosophy for office, home, friends, etc.
    OR we can have one Philosophy which can explain it all.
    Think of this as in maths we have discrete functions vs continuous one - one function equation single one explains eth.
    On other hand - we have a set of equations with a set of conditions. Eg - y = x^2 if x > 0 else y = x^3 - b
    When we say 7 is very clear headed, one meaning of that statement is they know the essence which underlies everything.
    Is this what Krishna means when he is says in BG that this is the essence of all knowledge.
PIES - Now NFP is gonna get solved.
    First the challenge is brahmacharya until brahmana level comes.
        Then decide whether to resume brahmacharya or have a detour of grihasthashram for evolution if it fits.
    brahmacharya is not just not breaking 1 reg but a lifestyle which assumes 4 regs don't get broken as fact.
        Although home is not best ashram for this but it can still be performed in current settings cuz of internet access.
        Here's a unique opportunity to perform it under foundations with good note and integrate it with being social (or master) at next level so that I can be a leader.
        I can have huge streak under FND semester and then in master phase also cuz of circumstances I can think of a great streak with humungous returns.
    Data Science exploratory on my patterns reveal that certain conditions that turn me towards lapse are to be avoided.
        No smartphone access in proximity after evening.
        No privacy or isolation or solitude - no purdah 
            (purdah is a facility when sth as public doesn't help - purdah is not sth to be removed once in a while but to be kept once in a while)
        Spiritual sadhana is a must - there is no brahmacharya without it.
        Big Data streaming VA with social involvement - this can be so powerful that it can even attract Krishna to the point of he mentioning you.
    Enjoyments are not breaks from brahmacharya although not encouraged but assistants so I do responsible enjoyments.
        These enjoyments even break disturbance pattern and act as fallbacks.
    If I don't respect sleep then how does a VIP person behave when he is not valued - he leaves. Sleep will not be given.
        I will ensure this by keeping no window purdah and keep the door open 
        what about night disturbance - that's unfortunate but we can use white noise and take measures as exception.
        Why some people are successful cuz that's their highest value - whatever your highest value is, you use all other dimensions as utils to maximize on that valued dimension.
            Here is a thought - Even life is ideal when our value system is flexible with the age and we stabilize aptly in our values.
    We are not anti-BV and pro-SV.
        The fact is anythingn is PnC of every life dimension and its corollaries. So chewing the chewed has different flavors applies to both.
        BV is mostly at sense or mental level but has a bearing on higher layers like atma trying to play God as well making it difficult to overcome.
        SV is at social or spiritual layer so already very superior and can be done anytime, anywhere unlike BV.
        Funda is not go anti-BV cuz that's very pleasing to atma also - even if it's not constitutional nature of soul and not the prime purpose of the universe.
        BV should be like body temperature - just right is ideal. Too low is prob. Too high is worldly MOP.
        Also enjoying world is not prime purpose - it is like prisoner begins to like the facilities of jail and forget the intended purpose was to go out - after purification.
    The root problem was that all this while I was striving for NFP and not brahmacharya. Not what to do but what to not do.
        still sanskars and vrittis so it's not a cake walk but facing the problem at right level.
Logs - Story - Lots of cleaning and orchestrating services for NVCC building process and witnessing different checkpoints of temple developments.
    way till its inauguration. Services always. Donations also.
SQ - Solution to ego gratification is hearing appreciation about other devotees.
SQGrats - Rashik Kumar Pr's condolence meeting - 5 hrs - VAP's pain of heart. E1 broke in tears seeing the calmness of his wife.
CS - DS - np.logical_or
NFP - Celibacy yields power - Gandhi, Steve Jobs, Hanuman, Bhishma die at will, Mike Tyson, Spartacus, Newton, Tesla/ Edison, APJ, Vajpayee, Modi.
    Ratan Tata, Bhabha, Lata, Ramdev.
SQ - How is Krishna controller.
    Jiva and prakriti is understood but where is ishwar
    Jiva guided by ishwar - listened to different degrees inside a person or thru transitivity.
    Prakriti is guided by ishwar thru laws of material nature - manifest and unmanifest.
    Interactions
        orchestrations therein is maintained not by chance but trans force.
        God of gaps (or width or chance) - what we don't know. Can be seen as atheistic argument but also theistic argument.
        God of depths - we know immediate cause but don't see remote and original causes.
            controller of controllers that is.
    In conclusion,
        Independent force - all lilas he shows himself as extreme of 6 opulence. So, designer or owner coming in field once in a while exhibiting control.
            Purifying force - HN, Books (or representative - SM), Deity, etc.
            Participating Force - Deity, Lord in Dreams.
        Controller of Jivas - 
            Brahmins - The guiding light - the inner sense or voice or sound of doing the right. Not just game theory.
            Kshatriyas - Questionably empowerment - We can say that's harnessing the laws of nature. But it's still a benediction force benevolent to anyone who pays the price.
            Vaishyas - alliance for enjoyment. Opportunities in "chance"
            Shudras - taste of worldly rewards.
            Law of attraction. Also getting right idea at right time (Favors from unknown transcendence).
        Controller of Prakriti - trasitive controller thru demigods and rarely direct controller (very few pastimes).
            Karma - Alignment and conforming rewarded (MOG behavior) and disalignment punished by nature and VA system.
        Controller of orchestration 
            thru destiny (karma) 
            or internal energies (for devotee).
            or even literally chance - Favors thru ur mistakes, ur ignorance, right opportunity as per our subtle resources.
                It's surprising it comes - in purely random world, it doesn't routinely show up.
            Kaal - devours everything. Change flux. Facts of nature BODD. Dualities co-existence in individuals, one's life and lives across population.
        So, Can we say for practical purposes, it's just interfacing of jivas and prakriti? Depends on scope of prakriti and scope of one's life and TPC.
            we can't ignore law of attraction and law of karma also.
            And depths of each jiva, prakriti, interactions within and without.
            And the width - which we can call chance or destiny or plan.
IQGrats - Spark Redis was not working - classNotFound - so not found at compile time itself not just runtime - this means that The uber jar doesn't have it and bingo.
	Cuz it is not explicitly mentioned in any class. So, in the assembly or shade plugin I gotta add the must include.
    Then tracing the execution of shade plugin thru jar commond line.
    ERR unknown command 'get' - perhaps using sentinel node.
SQ - Some eg of shelter suddenly changed but emerged greatest.
    Sita Devi, Kunti M, Pandavas, Chanakya, Arya Stark, 
CS - DS - Spark supports look ahead functions thru sql - over window operators.
    Spark streaming could be another option - we ain't left with reading in java alone.
Sume - Amazon - What about previous assessment and cleared
    you had taken it last year this month - so this means, for every candidate they maintain a DB tracker.
    Also they somehow didn't have score though - this means some problem happened while submitting. Questionnaire not filled properly he said.
Sume - SAP IOT - Spark Services Connections Approach check, Read Check and Write Check (wherever possible).
Movie - Jobs. Doing business can be an art. Resolute determination - highest value that eth else sacrificed.
PIES - from CS 
    GIT is like our internal commitments and then sharing them with society as PR which some repos or groups may accept or deny or ask to improve.
        It is design time acceptance in society.
    Maven is like your talent or standardizations put to tests in a pipeline framework
        This is taking your theories or ideas to runtime with primeval checks and a machinery which prepare your artifacts and run framework in collaboration with your artifacts.
Sume - PayTM BDE (Big Data Engineer)
    Theory
        Spark Structured streaming vs streaming - context vs session and the latest one. RDDs based and older version.
        Spark Lazy Evaluation - postpone the data manipulations - action is invoked when result is required - evaluations performations only then.
    Spark UDF - what does this code do - registers the udf and performs conversion to a map.
        sparkSession.sqlContext().udf().register("map_from_arrays", (scala.collection.mutable.WrappedArray<String> cityIds, scala.collection.mutable.WrappedArray<Map<String, Double>> countsMaps) -> {
        scala.collection.mutable.Map<String, scala.collection.immutable.Map<String, Double>> map = new scala.collection.mutable.HashMap<String, scala.collection.immutable.Map<String, Double>>();
        for(int i=0; i<cityIds.size(); i++) {
            map.put(cityIds.apply(i), countsMaps.apply(i));
        }
        return map;
        }, DataTypes.createMapType(DataTypes.StringType, DataTypes.createMapType(DataTypes.StringType, DataTypes.DoubleType)));
    Spark SQL - find nth highest salary - using inner query.
        select s1.salary from EmployeeSalary as s1
            where 
            (select count(distinct salary) from EmployeeSalary as s2 where s1.salary < s2. salary) = n
    Java Program - given that keyboard types some characters multiple times - check if the typed conforms to name or not.
        Ask questions so as to cover all the scenarios and feel free to take as much time is required.
        What are edge cases - those kinda doubts.
    Work - Spark Batch and Spark ML using ETL Warehouse results and produces some summary stored in some DB like cassandra.
        This summary is being used for giving recommendations in PayTM Mall.
        2 years now - smaller tasks in beginning and full fledged data pipeline now.
            lots of responsibilities and services independent though
            Only red flag - roadmaps we follow - very precisely followed - depends on business - decision based on numbers so it changes over time.
            Work quality and ppl are good - morning meeting starts - sprints and jira boards. 1 or 2 weeks sprints - assigned to individuals and followed up with testing.
        Use case - input for another team or analytical product delivered to somebody.
            ETL done by another team - DWH maintained by them. Although ETL is not the only input for us.
            We do transfromations and SparkML on what we receive from them. We utilize some background jobs as well.
                Tree logic utilized at multiple places so needs to be stored sw - instead of spark streaming for it to take lots of time to formulate that dataset.
                separation of 2 jobs and store in cassandra DB.
                He has experience in both web services and spark systems.
        This JD is purely for Big data engineering side focus on Spark and Spark ML which was being implementated few months back.
    Not asked - given dataset with schema id, parent_id and level - list the sequence from child to the root.
        331, 456, 4
        456, 31, 3
        31, 12, 2
        12, 3, 1
        3, -1, 0
        So, if 331 then 3, 12, 31, 456, 331.
        This is interest cuz the numbers could stand for fashion, apparent, footwear, men's footwear, men's sports shoes.
        How would you code it.
            This is sequential so just read every line creating LL.
            But if randomized and many but sequential then keep your eyes peeled using hashing when first element has appeared before - then update corresponding LL.
            If randomize and many and non-sequential - keep array of maxsize and then update the placeholders aptly.
            and even repetitive - then tree has to be made. Sort based on level and iterate over every element and keep adding to the tree using a lambda.
        Solution - reference from stackoverflow
            parent_query = """
            SELECT asset_id as parent_id FROM {0}.{1}
            where name = 'ROOT'
            """.format(db_name,table_name)
            parent_df = spark.sql(parent_query)
            final_df = parent_df
            child_query = """
            SELECT parent_id as parent_to_drop,asset_id
            FROM
            {0}.{1}
            """.format(db_name,table_name)
            child_df = spark.sql(child_query)
            count = 1
            while count > 0:
            join_df = child_df.join(parent_df,(child_df.parent_to_drop == parent_df.parent_id)) \
                    .drop("parent_to_drop") \
                    .drop("parent_id") \
                    .withColumnRenamed("asset_id","parent_id")
            count = join_df.count()
            final_df = final_df.union(join_df)
            parent_df = join_df
            print("----------final-----------")
            print(final_df.count())
            final_df.show()
        Solution2 - Refer https://github.com/apache/spark/pull/23531.
    Not asked - design demographic score based movie recommendation system.
        Motive - To utilize geolocation, gender, age, etc metrics to power recommendations on netflix.
        ?SparkML.
Logs - Story - Jeevan Mehta Uncle getting papa's contact thru me.
    He sharing with Nand Kishore Relan and guess who - your first name is Nand mine too. After that comes Kishore? for me too - oh you are that.
    Come to me, have your passport made. PGI I come for lecturing for free since aged and will go to search Bhuppi in his village.
    Papa's friends used to be his fan but papa doesn't approach them in general.
    Marriage proposal excuse to meet Kulbeer Singh uncle in Nangal. Fast friends used to go out to drink tea sometimes.
    Has to told you about me - no - mujhe pehle hi shak tha.
SQ - Papa told about another dimension to God as being a guide and guru and worldly leaders as his representatives.
    That's the conception of God as Vaheguru or original guru.
    Idea is even if God appears after regular stuffs, what we would really need is guidance on our karma (for evolution or whatever)
    Now extrapolation to say every guru is god can be a poetic expression (although strictly not true) but the idea is clear.
SQ - Papa gave an insight that all the supernatural pastimes, st for social acceptance cuz of conditionings, need to be projected to entirely worldly conditioned plane.
    So sth like Krishna helping Draupadi happened cuz Krishna was there in some room and showed up with intervention when called out.
    The problem with supernatural although it might be true is that it is not repeatable - the approach of science.
    So, that way, yes, the event took place but supernatural element can be sidelined. Similarly, Ved Vyas can also be seen as a title or degree.
    These args can work only in hindu religion but other religions don't permit such args.
    Although all these hypotheses are ok if they help a person - mainly for historical insights but st they may come at the expense of spiritual insights.
        in aaroh pantha approach over scriptures (instead of avaroh pantha), these theories can be experimented wrt to other contents and artifacts.
        But spiritually or avaroh pantha side - first, they are not meant to be meddled for purity.
        In any case, in spirituality the focus is on not fiction or fact but impact.
SQ - Spirituality is another dimension - it's no correlated with varna, ashram dimensions - states, country - it's only favorable or not but it's independent
    that's why any person from any cultural and personal background gets beautified as a devotee.
CS - Data Science - Goal and means hierarchy
    Business Problem Solution - tell us with some crucial informations for business success.
        Statistics (And General Maths - GIS, DM, Prob, Calculus, etc.) - Problem Solving using numbers and crunching and ideas and tracing.
            Computer Science Library constructs - DS thinking line.
                Computer Science Library Developments - CS.
            Data Source from BDE Team.
                uses ETL DWH work.
    Corollary - 
        while working on DS, if you won't feel core CS but it will be a util mostly.
        although you can bypass the libraries (cuz researcher and other impl OR no supported direct operation to do sth smart) and still feel CS.
        If BDE work is also handled by you then you can have CS feel wrt analytics and not transactional.
        You will see the engagement of all fields of maths but separated by the abstraction that you work on - would be required for tracing and improving.
            This answers that DS is more than APIs.
CS - Emergence of PL Generation 4.
    SQL and also functional languages - iterative and selective constructs replaced by functions with no side effects.
    Languages like Python and NodeJS - Threading being different but Philosophy is focus on what and mathematical functions to solve.
        Python libraries - or emergence of libs in general wants you to focus on what and not how. Using abstraction of right level.
        Python operations like vector and value comparisons. Support for array filtering instead of index using another boolean array, etc.
        Write minimal code in python - no data types - you focus only on what you want.
        Emergence of scala - code lesser. Support for multiple returns which was onerous in JAVA with making a class first.
        All of them have started supporting OOP paradigm also - do you see the mergers.
        JAVA embracing Functional and Formerly Functional accepting OOP syntactic sugar (not facade exactly in CS sense).
    Even JAVA moving towards functional regime support with lambdas and richer operations and optional - don't keep writing null equality - just use the functions.
        more dependabilities, more idiot-proofing and support for function chaining.
        Reading All python analytics library code in OO way or underlying functional conception had its own fun - it all adds up.
        Be it numpy vector or matrix operations, pandas data manipulations, seaborn visualizations, sklearn ml, all could be seen in programming library light.
IQ - All Motto for KY.
    KV - Tat tvam pushan apavrinu.
        Prayer - asato ma sadgamah tamaso ma jyotirgamaya
        Best schooling providing foundation in all spheres of life - smart schools I studied.
    NIT JSR - Shan Ribhavah Sukritah Suhastah
        Mission. To build conducive environment for learning and creativity
        AIR Rank 55.
    Infy - Tagline - Powered by Intellect, Driven by Values
        Values - CLIFE - Client value, Leadership by eg, Integrity (& Transparency), Fairness, Excellence.
        1 of Best and Leading Indian IT Company.
    VIT Pune - LEAD (Learn Empower Act Develop)
        Top Private college in Maharashtra.
    IIIT B - Jnanam Uttamam - Knowledge is Supreme Type
        Research motto - expand the pie
        Tier 1 College in India.
    Siemens - slogan or tagline - Ingenuity for life
        Values - 
            Responsible: Committed to ethical and responsible actions
            Excellent: Achieving high performance and excellent results
            Being innovative to create sustainable value
        Global rank 74.
        Fortune magazine Most Admired Rank 1 for 5th consecutive year.
    SAP - best-run businesses; Run Simple; The best-run businesses that make the world run better. The best run SAP
        JLT - Making sustainability profitable and profitability sustainable.
        Values
            Tell it like it is.
            Stay curious
            Embrace differences
            Keep the promise
            Build bridges not silos.
        #1 Employee friendly company for 3rd year in row in India and in World (also for females). Most Innovative company awards. 90% businesses run on it.
    Leads
        PwC - Big 4 for consulting. couple of rounds cleared.
            PwC - build trust in society and solve important problems.
            mission statement - to provide an unrivalled level of service and to contribute to the sustained growth of the economy through the execution of vigorous, fair, and high-quality audits based on clear leadership and creative teamwork.
        EY - Also EnY - couple of rounds cleared.
            Quality in Everything We Do
            provide help build trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over.
        Huawei - Huawei is best known as one of the world's top three smartphone makers. But Huawei is firstly a world leader in telecommunications - its industry-leading equipment, connecting developed and developing countries, is present in 170 countries.
            Building a Fully Connected, Intelligent World
            Mission - technology, applications, and skills
        Samsung - Rank 12 to now 19.
            Electronics Industry rank 1. Ranks among toppers for many aspects as per fortune magazine.
            Tagline, Slogan, Motto - Inspire the World, Create the Future; Do What You Can't.
            Values - people, excellence, change, integrity, and co-prosperity
            Vision Statement - Inspire the world with our innovative technologies, products and design that enrich people's lives and contribute to social prosperity by creating a new future.
            Mission Statement - We will devote our human resources and technology to create superior products and services, thereby contributing to a better global society.
        Amazon - Work Hard. Have Fun. Make History
            From A to Z is more famous.
            Mission statement - We strive to offer our customers the lowest possible prices, the best available selection, and the utmost convenience.
        CBA - Commonwealth bank of australia
            The big four bank
            Can Lives Here.
        Paytm - Pay through Mobile; Paytm karo.
Sume - Paytm R2
    Detail your work and your contribution in there.
    Sum of 1s in any numbers binary representation and execution trace for a sample inputs.
    Explain Spark Mechanism, EMR cluster.
    You have clicks details detailed in parquet file by ETL, what would you do to make it useful for OLTP.
        Store it in HDFS - some spark cluster or online service like EMR or so - then spawn spark job using a set of nodes, and store the results in some RDBMS.
        Can use messaging like kafka queues or nosql but data not that much so RDBMS should be fine which OLTP can consume.
        Mapper and reducer is abstracted out to us.
    How do you trace the hardware resources - YARN does it but we can kill jobs from UI Proxy given to us by SJS team.
Logs - Story - Yol cantt - foolishness of anger against family for slapping me for playing with kerosene.
    ran away to make them realize their mistake - and lost - realized my mistake to retrace.
    It could go terribly wrong but we found each other - slap was a welcome relief this time.
SCMProd - Grilled Chat masala bread, Grilled paneer masala sandwich, Griller paneer bhurji sandwich.
SCMLogistics - Smart TV, Smart Washing machine, Smart phones, Smart laptops - touchscreen, Macbook pro with suggestions, etc.
Movie - Uri, RAW (Romeo Akbar Walter), Ghazi, Border, Lakshya.
Movie - Wazir, Rustom, Airlift, Special 26, Kesari, Jolly LLB, Pink, Dangal, No1 killed Jessica, Murder, Killer, Gangster.
Movie - SRK Movies, Sarfarosh, Sultan, Queen, Andhadhun, GoW, Kahani, NH10, Dear Zindagi, Zindagi milegi na dubara.
Movie - Secret Superstar, pk, Sanju, 3 idiots, Fukrey, Fukrey returns, ajab prem ki, taare zamin par, lagaan, devdas, Bajirao Mastani, Padmavat.
Movie - Wednesday, English/ Hindi Medium, Lunchbox, Chak de India, Svades, Hera pheri, Phir hera pheri, Bhool Bhulaiyan, Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge,
Movie - KKHH, KKKG, Drishyam, Udta Punjab, Vicky Donor, English Vinglish, Gully Boy, Badhai Ho, Girlfriend, Kya Kehna, Main hoon na, Mohabbatein.
Movie - Gadar, Dhoom series, Black Friday, Tere Naam, Billu Barber, Guru, Sarkar, Kyon Ki, rab ne banaa di jodi, KNPH
Movie - Bhagam Bhag, Coolie no 1, Andaaz apna apna, Biwi No 1, Damini, Dulhe Raja, Attacks of 26/11. Welcome series, Golmaal series.
Movie - Bluffmaster, Taxi 9211, Krantiveer, Agnipath, Don, Bombay to Goa, Sholay, Dosti, Kabuliwala, haathi mere saathi, Anand, Bawarchi.
Movie - Pyaar ka Punchnama, Love aajkal, etc.
CS - Decisions for likes - persistent liking, short term liking repeated after stipulated period how to capture in just like, dislikes or upvotes, etc.
    Decisions like remote the like credit after some time keeping your count so that you can like again.
CS - logs for WYSIWYG debugging and tracing thru if they don't help. Historical events tracing is st enough for consulting level.
SocialErp - Bank Account Inward Wire remittance - can also do via online.
    This mail is sent by the bank end team - non-customer facing staff (MBA guys, IT guys, shares handling team, etc)
    Money credit mail sent but money not yet received.
SQ - Layers that we have to overcome - just an idea.
    Ego aligned | false ego.
    Intel - Knowledge, wisdom, ignorance.
    Mind - MMN and anarthas attached.
    senses - purified impure.
SQ - Krishna like exposing different queries from people
    showcases the some test cases failing while doing programming.
    It is equivalent to need in us to grow in our spiritual understanding.
    Thus, all discussions regarding spirituality should not be hated but welcomed. Of course not too much and not for fame like Gs rejected the debates in Vrindavan.
SQ - RSP - JAPA Talks, SP's quotes on japa, Books.
IQ - Decision of leaving
    why?
    How - the process - should I fire a mail to HR.
Sume - Amazon - Test environment - Div vs span and then FizzBuzz question - number n, list all till n with FizzBuzz if divisible by none, 3, 5, both.
PIES - signs of imbalanced societies.
    Church centered power - when church started exploiting for power.
    Monarchy / Dictatorship society - power lies with kshatriyas.
    Capitalism - power lies with vaishyas.
    Communism - power lies with sudras.
    Vedic principle is avoid going extreme on any varna, rather mutual collaboration among all sections of society.
        so has the power - rajrishi - but under guidance of scriptural moral advocated by Brahmins or experts
            and feedback from tax payers. More tax from more earning is ok.
            why does power exist with businessmen these days - cuz money is the central attraction - it's not about power but worldly enjoyments.
    surprisingly religious people's main attraction went to power and not knowledge. why? They started misusing their position and also their dintinct prowess.
        Kshatriyas became whimsical and power hunger and win lands and properly.
        Vaishyas obviously gonna comply but suddenly what happened that now power is where the money is. We see characteristics of inventions, ease of living, science growing.
        Church misuse eg of geocentric to heliocentric involved murdering. Poisoning of scientists.
        perhaps monarchy ended cuz eventual rulers had lesser power and society in general also adapted to power cultivation.
        Businesses can hire bouncers to keep himself safe and can create a parallel government.
    Every time the power was misused and they diminished in their power.
        The other section frustrated or dissatisfied with the former and still powerful and in knowledge now took control next.
        Realization that kings are not godsent but humans like us and they have no speciality and they are troubling us so we better remove them - not just person from post but post itself.
        In interest of greater good.
EQ - Social Studies division.
    Theology (Philosophy like science) - Brahmin.
    Poltics and warfare - Kshatriyas.
    Economics - Vaishyas.
    Civics - Sudras.
    Foundational - Psychology (subtle elements), Geography (other 5 elements included)
    All of them have historical trace as well.
PIES - people are so rascal that in twitter terminology they wanna consider themselves a celebs being followed by fans but when it's fandom of politician then bhakt they say.
    Taking advantage of people's ignorance to allege central govt while e1 knows that it's a state level lapse - do they not know it - they do but cheap politics.
Sume - Amazon
    Code 1 - Branch and Bound Problem - D Dollars and baskets to pick from with every item in basket charging unique prices. A set of lists with prices. Amazon shopping cart recommendations as per your balance.
        DP - n-dimensional - not possible cuz gonna pick exactly 1 item from every bucket.
        gotta find number of combinations.
        Perform BnB - backtracking failed many test cases.
        So used BnB with stopping as soon as expenditure exceeds D dollars.
    Code 2 - Kindle reading - subscriber can gift to another thus making a group - given adjacency matrix - find the number of partitioned groups.
        DFS could be used but preferred something else.
        Visited flag as false for all.
        Start from 0 thru n 
        set all nodes with connection as visited flag = true.
        Count incremented only when visited flag = false.
    Discuss approach and time complexity.
    Lots of personality subjective MCQs.
    Analytics -
        Once again - solved both the problems. Debugging Code 1 took lots of time with many silly mistakes like sum not reset after every iteration.
        2nd problem - logic looked good but didn't have time to debug using logs.
        IDE usage is allowed for debugging and input code and input data is always at disposal so easier debugging using IDE is always possible which I didn't use.
        Printing logs is always time consuming.
Movie - The Social Dilemma
    We pay money to sponsor some members of population to turn to anarthas and ruin their life.
    becomes basse for ppl.
    predict and sell more - manipulation also - making you buy sth.
    positive intermittent reinformation - programming when refresh youtube.
    bubble - ?we decide your attention
    tagged so gotta see.
    hack their psychology so as to get more hikes or trigger a behavior.
    ?platform for world.
    predict votes - using algos - every interaction is input for person natures.
    prison experiment - black box and trigger neurons to stimulate response.
    exploiting vulnerability in human psychology.
    Bicycle was tool - waiting for you - but this seduces you and manipulates you, addicts you.
    can't help but view it although child wants attention.
    addicts - can't help but bring it back to bedroom.
    evolution for different but dopamine is kicked.
    can't do proper social talks.
    dopamine deficit needs.
    Not evolved to take inputs from 10K people for how to be - we conflate it with truth.
    more vacant and empty. A person says those ugly ears and you feel silly but this was not proper in physical world - P2P. But this won't be so direct in Client and server.
    Suicides rate increased. More anxious, depressed and fragile.
    self worth coming from inputs. somebody would anyways give input in physical world but not that scale but only near and dear ones.
    ?it is like to 10K ppl we make announcement like showing your face etc.
    Lonely then digital atrophy with us.
    learn how to live with them.
    Imagine who will win - man who has not evolved much but computation grown exponentially.
    algos optimized to some success - commercial interest. Put posts in right order.
    AI Gives lots of control in systems hands and we ain't full controller anymore.
    The feed may not be good for the person but is good for commercial success - theoretically what's the person wants but not practically.
    Nor ever movies or commercials had good interest in mind but scale of tech has anyways been manipulating us but this is scaled up.
    Business people - 
    autocomplete shows different results form different locations - what's of interest.
    why person is so different - they are no seeing the same information that you are seeing.
    Polarization growing - rabbithole to your interest and you get more of it.
        rabbithole to find earth is flat; covid is 5G result.
        as per recommendations, people will end up acting being served in a certain direction
    Twitter fake news is 6x.
    system biases towards fake information - truth is boring.
    water can kill corona or corona is hoax or cocaine is corona. Govt is using with fake infos.
    Exponential gossip - don't know what's true.
    Wanna come for dinner - hmmm.
    FB - greatest thing ever created for persuasion.
    FB Free basics in myanmar - propaganda in the hands of 1. Can give narrative with such ease.
    Democracy crisis - FB given scale.
    We listen to channels that say that we are right. No need to people to come together.
    Problem is for tech to bring worse in society and thats the threat.
    More distraction, voting hacking, etc.
    not doom gloom - utopia but also dystopia. Tech for positivity in the world. Political polarization was not on our radar.
    AI be consistent with our goals, etc. Internet from weird wacky thing to mall - it's more than that.
    We build these things and have responsibility to change. Products be designed humanely.
    Never use recommendation. Only search. do extra google. Want the algo criteria to change.
    Don't use social media. Disagree with Everything. No social media till high school and 1 hr b4 sleep.
PIES - Inspired from the social dilemma documentary.
    ?as if tv does not manipulate. Addictive that is and so was radio.
            so whether p2p or client server the same thing. That I suspected b4 that's not natural but can be made best - we grow up taking them for granted.
        ?yes that's true it becomes part of our new world. Like laws of physics and laws of tech - DMPM.
    ?Have problem with power in commoners than power in random dictators. etc.
        ?Power in hands of people. Democrazy in that direction. Social media in that direction.
        ?Just see how kali has grown along the lines of power moving to priests, to rulers, to business, to people.
    Our economy whale is more valuable dead than alive, etc. Users interest > profits when it comes to functional features end goals.
        ?Tree is more valuable dead than alive - our economy works in that way - it has always been the ones in power exploiting the planet and worse world for future generations.
Sume - PayTM - Recruitment for PayTM mall
    Introduction
        Team Lead - worked with PayTM travel b4 and now Paytm mall - 8 yrs now.
        Introduction - tell only the end results and not everything that was done (in the beginning)
            Then which tech used and what was your role.
            was this in java on spark - no, spark was also 1 of the systems put under test
            M Tech 4th semester - chose internship. Skipped the part of before Masters cuz SE and not related to Bigdata.
    Big data - what are you comfortable with.
        What all I worked - hdfs, mapreduce, sql engines, kibana logs, ambari, etc.
        Kafka not much then but using it now.
        Kibana development sth - no, mainly a user.
        Spark outperformed at that time - spark has improved a lot after that. Spark rose in comparison to hadoop.
    Any recent project that you worked on and tell me its architecture.
        Architectural details of any of these projects but current project is IOT on big data.
        Details given IOT sensor data; spark reading from kafka; and enrichments and finally writing into S3.
        Fetch data from different servers located differently and fetch data from there and create data frames.
    PL of preference - expert in all - but familiar.
    1 simple Coding questions - Count number of 1s in binary representation of any number.
        Code walk thru and execution trace for the same.
    Design a Recommendation engine for payTM Mall
        Search shoes and get lots of shoes - catalog has 1 lakh jeans.
            shown in some order - order is decided how?
            Currently - CTR and CVR - Click Thru rate and Conversions.
            Getting a call - sorry, dropped it. Will put it into silent mode. Done.
            Impression - when 1 product is completely visible on your screen.
                so 1 impression for a product.
            Click on product is clicked.
        DAU for paytm let's say 1M. 1 user can browse 100/200 products - more or less.
            Millions of impressions generated - events like add to cart etc.
            Every generated event is persisted in a flat file.
            backend team wants a task - these params executed for all the products for ranking algorithms.
            to be used for their ranking algorithm.
        How would you go about - huge data in TB - used on daily basis file to find ranking.
            what is I/O for you. Daily 500 GB data.
            come with design - where store data, in 1 file, how will you manage this.
            Please confirm that I am understanding it right - collection of all events but not aggregated yet.
            For this user and product, I got 1 impression and 1 click, etc.
            format of file - parquet or anything. Compressed file so lesser storage space.
            Which all columns - these are low level things - we can check that later.
            High level things - CSV with all details - captures all event interaction details
                This file can be uploaded in HDFS - spark system then store it there.
                In S3 format that can consume it. Spark should just have access to S3.
                Spark cluster with spark job written and retrieve contents as data frame
                manipulations on the data frame - outputs stored in some place which backend team can pick from.
                Which place - I am expecting those details as well - RDBMS, kafka or nosql not reqd cuz not reqd - even file that user has access to.
                Microservices in backend will make it complicated so won't use it.
                Which data store? aggregated data won't be that huge - 1000s of products only. CTR and CVR for 1 product.
                Any RDBMS can be used if centralized. If distributed then problem of trade off - CAP theorem.
        Impression - the first view of all candidates that you see.
        Click of interest - Any selection that you make.
        CTR - Click thru rate = click of interest / Impression.
            Number of times it is clicked divided by number of times it is seen.
            More CTR and CVR should be shown on top.
        Conversion = Added to cart / Interest - Higher then show on top.
        Collected from user (DAU - Daily Active User)
        1 M impressions.
        File created after ETL over every user event or interaction recorded in a file.
        Aggregate all these details for future decisions criteria.
        Size GB or even TB. File in the back end.
        Use spark on EMR or so - which cluster configuration.
        Storage from S3 and Read it from the file parquet file and process it across nodes.
        Then write the results to some RDBMS being less in volume.
    How spark works
        Job into tasks over different executors - results are reduced from mappers.
        ouput is delivered to user or persisted somewhere.
        spark abstracts away all these details from us.
        Infra where you will run this job - scale is high 
            using publically available Managed Services - EC2 manual, EMR (Elastic Mapreduce)
            Private cloud will also do - otherwise, we can run on private cloud or databricks.
            Even local machine also but too small a scale.
    EMR Configurations
        Master and slave configs. How many and which job should go where.
        YARN abstracts away that details.
        Give these details to DevOps team - to procure an EMR cluster.
        How many jobs will be running on these clusters.
        We use SAP cloud with facade to hide details - the details of cloud used underneath is hidden.
        UI Proxy - tells which executors are there at disposal, config, which jobs currently running, any logs associated.
            Historical jobs.
            Not hadoop UI but spark UI.
            If we have to get alert when job has to end.
            Used anything for alert notificationsn or spooling spark jobs.
            How will your spark let you know that sth has failed - service logs or notifications or alerts
            imbed that in code itself like slack channel, email or so.
        We use SJS to talk to Spark - enough APIs and not command line.
    n jobs on EMR - all resources exhausted.
        single job not on wait; eth running.
        How resource allocation happens
        Managed services will take care for us - then how to manage?
        YARN and other Resource negotiators used but at my end - kill a job, not a solution.
    Spark which langauage - Scala at present, python at personal purposes.
    ML - any project there?
        Course in coursera - I had many case studies.
        Decision tree algo at Siemens.
        Previous project - deployed models consumed and additional activities like data cleaning and evaluations. Helped perform those.
        Model making - decision tree when in Siemens.
        SparkML I have not used - casual look at APIs - along the lines of pandas and scikit learn only.
        no personal hands on experience there.
    Any Questions?
        Lots of experience as well
        What a day looks like and what to expect in BDE role.
        Culture of paytm.
            work culture isn't great but not bad as well - just ok.
            Depends on manager at times - but I never faced any problems.
            I read on internet so was skeptical about it - but on joining paytm it's ok.
            No more a startup but still startup culture to expect.
            On paper - 9:30 to 6:30 - not mandatory - just maintain some overlap time.
            Freedom for any language, technology to work on.
            New service getting implemented - I will write microservice using language which never used but should be able to justify its usage.
            There are people to help you guys always - and you anyways have experience.
            payTM travel - not huge data and no data engineering required - only backend engineering.
            paytm mall - then person in commerce - there we started using spark; not more than a year in spark.
            we learn on our own and started - there are people who are very thorough.
            Lots of opportunity to learn and write everyday.
            WFH - whenever start or end the day but get work done.
            standups that keep on happening - give status and get back to work.
            Daily activities change accordingly.
            My time mostly in meeting - st reporting as well.
            Lots of team here and lots to do. Interact with them and understand their thing and help in coding.
            Get involved with design things as well.
        What deliverables look like
            Recommendation engine was one of the deliverable.
            There can other changes inside it.
            Here usually not lot of bifurcation data engr and backend engr - data coming in.
            UI generates data - write data - another team makes parquet outta that.
            processing data points depends on us only.
            Search also - my team is involved.
            Popularity of any product. Those who viewed this product - also bought this product.
            What's recommended product for you.
            Lots of other things - older services - older spark version to newer version, etc.
            Using Dockers from now on.
            Mix of everything.
            Suggestion to reduce the number of pages in resume - nobody can read that much.
IQ - Imran Suggestions
    Be honest - don't pick a tech cuz you know but cuz that's the best and be open to discussions and try to make truth win.
    Suggestion - better to work somewhere for some time and then venture.
    I personally don't restrict myself to specific technologies but those who do can specialize.
    If not depth, at least in width know a tech.
CS - Functional languages don't have side effects. That's why map and reduce complain. But foreach doesn't cuz that's the only permission for sideeffects.
PIES
    In SVAF, we keep on increasing 2 things - seva and bhog.
    That's the only vision - seva quality weighs more than seva quantity.
    Something that you only you could do it - is far valuable.
    Seva is most rewarding when it is serves uniquely in quality or in great quantity - whether directly or transitively.
    It's better to hit the nail in one place for best results unless economics demand changes or I figure that my service in some other role is better.
SQ
    Science stems from pratyaksh and anumaan pramaan - even shabda is only input for these and not the highest value.
        In social study, science is specialization of theology or philosophy.
    Academic standardizations over science has done wonders and engg or applied science monetized thru business has changed the face of earth.
    Basics or foundations of epistemology
        Pratyaksha and anumana - is logical pursuit (Effect to cause mostly and vv) and seeing is believing.
            this step is done by almost everybody - even telling he must out of the town cuz whatever, etc.
        Shabda harnessed is nothing but standardizations and passing on the knowledge in a systematic and organized way - society favoring the movement.
    Master - 
        Aaroh
            About - 
                Make an invisible world or model to explain away everything that goes on.
                models become more elegant and predictable with maths.
            Raw life - simply standardizing stucturing and organizing our raw life is itself a powerful thing to do.
                how people tend to behave with a given situation. But why would he behave differently.
                Language and worldly Logic play very important role here.
            Science - models or explanations for nature - micro, macro, the corresponding view of life.
            Social studies - Psychology as foundation when applies to prominent varnas and studying along with standardizations of effects.
            Spirituality - 
                This is also done thru travel and explorations - seeing different traditions
                    studying different books, studying one's life and other's life.
                Exploring the essence of life thru systematic study of life journey and its bigger picture.
                This realization can also be scientific and social in nature.
                Than just assuming that here we are and here is current of population and you also pick a goal and run.
            Others - 
                purely logical debates or discussions, etc. 
                    Anything useful? Yes, people discuss for 1 hr and realize that they know more than before.
                    Discussion and share different values and beliefs and thru logical discussions, we can arrive at something that both parties can agree on.
                    This is also used by earlier disciplines. It's not science but a great input for science - peer reviews.
                Independent meditations. Anything useful ever came here?
        Avaroh
            About - Read and realize - see it happen after reading it.
                this can apply to healthy body, happy mind, and holy soul.
                But mostly religions or traditions are seen to pertain to only spiritual dimension.
            Study all scriptures - especially ones you invest deep into.
                Discussions over sciptures and mixed with subservient logic also.
            Guided Meditations
            Devotion
            More -
                what about applied Avaroh - yes, it is not just something to study but also has a practical.
                    mostly deals with alignment; also applications - manipulate yourself, environment, people or nature to suit your ends.
        More - These 2 paths can, should and also do merge but their priorities still remain the same.
            Personally, I am very well trained in both the discplines and I see them as merging.
            Life is best lived when preferably in harmony or alignment with scriptures.
            But if studies (science or social) back it then great.
            If studies don't back it and is neutral - then take it with grain of salt.
            Studies present hypotheses which are not thorough - then we can keep these in unsure bucket but do whatever resonates.
            If studies vehemently oppose it - it is better to avoid or get into the study for its validness and ensure 4 defects are not the cause.
HomeErp - Lapse - AC set on fan mode and it was not cold even after 3 hrs and was being corrected by others.
PIES - As architect - What
    why - need of it in bigger picture.
        when - precisely enumerate when and not generic whenever.
    what all
        why all and when all.
        how all
    how
    Programming or ground work is trivial for an architect. 
        why cuz all the challenges faced should not show up at all as
            you know their essence.
            you know the building blocks to debug if sth does not work both as black box or white box.
            This means convenient and stable life at varna and focus can go to other components as well.
        This means that you have more time for discussions, decisions and pivotal problem solving.
PIES - IQ - What and why - seva and bhog how to maximize the both.
    being the best in bhog and seva - no, best in yog.
    for bhog and seva - if I am in top 5% of normal distribution - that would be great.
    Best in bhog and seva just means at individual arch level (30s) not preaching or idolizing level (40s leader)
    Bhog - man, how much the guy enjoys or has fun. Man, how much the guy serves or contributes.
Sume - Paytm - Round 3 - Managerial but all technical discussion.
    2 kafka topics with 7 day retention and want to get data of 30 days to query.
        take data bring into data frames of spark and create inner join and persist anywhere.
        Keep rolling or scheduled jobs which keep on getting - data as data frames and write into some parquet, csv or postgres.
        What if I have to maintain number of transactions per month for the user - then do subtraction from last 30 days and add to latest day.
        Better still maintain yet another data frame or data structure or persistence for the user's every day details and update it on new job run.
    Have worked with EC2 and EMR then ok.
        Most of my work on AWS is abstracted.
    Ever done ML deployment and consumption.
        Yes, for siemens decision tree and evaluation and cleaning for SAP.
        What exactly - vba scripts, R.
    Python confident - I can pick up - decent experience in personal level - used for opencv.
    Why us? Paytm has good name, reputation in the market. Techs of interest in analytics.
    QA - work culture, role involves, different features recently developed.
        In any culture - flipkart, amazon (most colleagues from there), agile, etc.
            Flexible, ownership driver, open and reachable.
            Flexible work timing. Startup culture - pretty much startup.
            Big orgs and they paytm mall, bank, recharges, insurance - all are startups in themselves.
            Startups - everyday surviving not there - plans in place - getting work done - reach out to e1.
                using techs reach out to e1. Next 1 year plan in place.
        Role - Data Engineer role - Work along engr team to build pipelines.
            Data function and data science - working closely with my team.
            I lead data function role here.
            This role will work closely with my team also - helping me build data pipelines.
            working closely to deploy various ML projects.
            And scale it up - we work at normal scale. So millions of users doing transactions.
            Velocity and vastness of data is huge. Used spark extensively. Other techs also.
        Features - Paytm recently vaccine finder - go there find a slot and notification when vaccine is available.
        Interdependent or indpendent in nature?
            Depends on project you are working.
            working with development then alone.
            Massive integrations with UI and payments, etc then reach out to wallets.
            But thats rare.
CS - Testing - Mockito - must do in conjunction with junit and jacoco.
    Used powerMock cuz had to mock static method also.
        For class
            @RunWith(PowerMockRunner.class) //using it
            @PrepareForTest(Utils.class)    //class with static method
        For members
            @Mock and @InjectMock into class to be tested.
        @Before setup
            make spies for introducing your dummy mocking classes to enter inside.
            when(cache.getQueue()).thenReturn(spy);
            when(conf.getAppPrefix()).thenReturn("app");
            mockStatic(Utils.class);
            when(Utils.getRedisKey("appPrefix")).thenReturn("resultKey");
            doNothing().when(dao).updateItems(isA(List.class), isA(String.class));
                all args are matcher or none.
        Trigger with test
            For void methods test the exceptions and all.
            If mock, then ensure that the methods used in future will also have something to return else we get null or nullpointer exception.
IQ - Whenever stuck with some syntax - try to search for someone who must have already done it successfully in the repo or neighborhood.
Sume - HomeErp - Gardening. Cloth washing.
Movie - The Great Hack.
Polity
    Syami - doing it and saying that aapko sahi lag raha hai na.
        How he appeased papa - not imposing your plans on others but give inception of an idea in them.
        maan rakh lo dusre ka. This is my suggestion.
    Mama
        Vice Principal - messed with mama and did it.
            Madam you should not take weighing machine to home - it is not meant for that.
            Late evening Madam I didn't like it - cuz it's my duty as discipline incharge.
            Never make enemies - formal gossip against her - don't mess with genuine smarts.
            Madam what is this teacher! - what happened - that's what happend and she said that she would deal with principal. She knows how to handle.
            Principal's attitude and looks changed.
        Tuck shop handling - see how he has served me tea.
            Madam that was my limitation - tell him the upcoming problems and the solution - see them comply. 
            FND behavior tactic.
        M N singh strategy - Sir immediate payments for duty - so I am fetching paneer for them.
            eliciting behavior from others to act in certain ways in terms of how you act.
        Flower plucker proper response.
            attitude that you should not mind for temple since they are so many
            what about our temple usage with these flowers.
            don't gimme all these reasons - if you want them then sow in your own garden. Stop these reasons.
CS
    When using matchers - either use all isA or all any() but don't mix them - don't ignore varargs in the signature.
    St gotta change private static final field, gotta use JAVA reflections API.
        Field field = ClassName.class.getDeclaredField("fieldName");
        field.setAccessible(true);
        Field modifiersField = Field.class.getDeclaredField("modifiers");
        modifiersField.setAccessible(true);
        modifiersField.setInt(field, field.getModifiers() & ~Modifier.FINAL);
        field.set(null, newFieldObjectValue);
    when(restTemplate.exchange(Matchers.any(String.class), Matchers.any(HttpMethod.class), Matchers.<org.springframework.http.HttpEntity<?>>any(), Matchers.<Class<String>>any())).thenReturn(responseEntitySpy);
        Secret - Someone else must have implemented it here or in some other repo.
Movie - Avatar.
    Waterworld, Ants.
Sume - My colleagues in previous project - Sunil, Karthik, Venkatesh, Sunil B, Somya, Nirosha.
Sume - Infy - nb. Sume - Siemens - Vikram, etc.
PIES
    FND lapse are not unique but recurring ones.
    All layers ask how well doing - social what you give "Make business run better" - how you contribute to society and what you get - SRM at HomeErp.
        HomeErp has 2 sides enjoy things and people (All 5 rasas)
            Madhurya rasa - in brahmacharya or student life and also eventual possible nivritti marg you minimize all the rasas experience.
            Otherwise, you can experience them fully - 3 levels of life goals (DAKM but also) - Grat Streaming, Legacy (Now and future) and Godhead (or alignment or harmonized life)
        Personal lapse - of Truth presentation at ADBC - nope, Respect the sequence - No, definitely not just truth but projection of truth which makes sense in ADBC.
FND - Material world - don't put your heart here but try to align to the FND laws.
    that's where the magic happens - you put heart and what's the probability that people understand your insides.
SocialErp - All PM did great value add for India - not even slow - they have all given their best.
    the frictions act like samudra manthan and makes the best come out even if slow.
PIES - In pursuit of ideal, it may seem that I am demeaning their position but they are very respect-worthy.
    Alleging home remedies as myths - although it is truth to some degree.
    Every statement you have right to make but take responsibility of it. How?
        Quote the authority for the assertion. Yours or 7's.
        If your authority then your post, your papers, peer reviews or experimentations to be quoted.
        In science, not everything needs experimentation to prove or disprove but theory is proved and predictions are based on that.
        If 1 proposes otherwise, either come up with mew theory or fulfill the burden of proof that lies with you.
        Do you have right to allege a system as flawed - theoretically yes cuz that's healthy and offers a best mix.
        But practically you don't want to induce chaos by giving freedom to e1.
    Computer Science will reduce jobs or increase.
        First of all if you don't appreciate your contribution to society your performance may be impacted.
            eth comes with yin and yang - even most good has a dark inside and vv.
        scale increases of interaction.
        Some people may wonder just direct impact and they ain't wrong but they couuld not see remote transitive impacts and cultural impacts.
            reality is complex - predicting future (like stocks) is difficult
            We want to have such discussions but with open mind.
            Bank work automated true but many teachers freed from fees collection cuz it can be delegated.
    We are prominently aaroh only and it is bound to work. We just appeal open mindedness that's all.
        cuz of approach of observations and predictions - systematic and organized.
        How can we be against science while we are science (essence of me).
        We are not against even scientism but see it for what it is with a smile.
        Take the ideal stand and st when necessary - show the limitations of different extremes and expose the reality.
    Speak whole of truth and feelings in front of everyone as it is - is like being naked out in public.
Sume - SQ - I have done cleaning in Jagannath temple during gundica marajanam.
    besides also done in voice, temple etc during rath yatra and otherwise.
    I have handled tulsi care department, water filling department also.
    I have also handled cleaning department; even vessel washing department.
    Seva allocation department at Vraj Dham Voice - Used a cyclic way so that people would experience different services on different days and no repetition.
IQ - Your future is function of your present so just show me your calendar and I will tell you where you will be in 5 years.
CS - Youtube - why this ad.
    Thanks to GDPR - gotta tell what is recorded and why a certain event happening to you.
    video, time location, age group, gender as per profile
    Activity, interests, signed in activities, location.
    similarity to groups of people the advertiser is trying to reach
    estimation of your general location or the general locations where you have been
    estimation of household income.
    Based on Video that you are watching.
    Google's estimation of your interests, based on your activity while you were signed in to Google (for example, your searches)
    Based on the video you are watching.
    activity, while you were signed in to Google
    Google's estimation of your Job Industry
        explicit layer of deep neural network
    similarity to groups of people the advertiser is trying to reach, according to your activity while you were signed in to Google
        there is a clustering of people done internally for ads targeting.
    ?Previous success, time spent on ads, etc.
    Given a suggestion - ability to explain why this ad.
        Not just 1 algo but n algo - select which algo to apply - recommendation engine or similar watched or your signed in history, etc.
        Given an algo - a set of dominating features for the classification.
Logs - Digital electronics only I in the class got it right and other got full marks cuz of not trying what was being asked.
    Only got it right in the physics distance to time graph and not just getting it right but convincing the teacher how it's right.
FND - NFP - all individual NPMO separately or tuples - power set 2^n. PHI, N, P, M, O, NP, NM, NO, PM, PO, MO, NPM, NPO, NMO, PMO, NPMO.
    Soap, hot water, cdm.
FND - NFP - websites or pages dedicated to paint, art.
IQ - Arch - Do it gracefully.
    Have not groomed this yet.
    Do justice to this. I have not estimate for the time it will take.
IQ - Manager - ask questions that will be done in future - put a positive pressure.
    Who is reviewing your PR while the work is going on => do it as soon as possible and next question in future piggybacks on this or follows this.
    OR possibility of things getting delayed.
CS - SOLID Principles of software development.
IQGrats - Made Postman teams and shared my standardized collections with the teams along with proposal to avoid islands.
CS - Email sending
    HTML, REST API to get an endpoint with access for application to send - whether slack or gmail.
        https://developers.google.com/gmail/api/guides
    Spring boot email with all the details like password.
        https://www.tutorialspoint.com/spring_boot/spring_boot_sending_email.htm
    Java mail - https://www.javatpoint.com/example-of-sending-email-using-java-mail-api-through-gmail-server
        https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46663/how-can-i-send-an-email-by-java-application-using-gmail-yahoo-or-hotmail
        mail.jar
        activation.jar
SCMProd - Oats Pulav, Bhel Puri at home, Soya chunks.
Sume - Asr services - my services - gardening, vessel cleaning, milk seva, cloth washing, room cleaning with robo vacuum Cleaner, bed raising for ILife, etc.
    basically SCM Logistics (except security - locks) AMAP.
    car driving for family, help bed sheet changes - rooms office designation and resetting.
    Small SCMProd - Churi kutti in oven, Sweet rice in oven.
IQ - Personal Branding
    80/20 - don't convert but engage thru your social media channel. Consistent delivery.
    Everything is worth engaging - livestream. People like behind the scenes in entertainment - they would like it even in business.
        tease new feature - insider info.
    Demo ur product.
    Monetize if true expert. backed by certifications, etc.
    Marketing ain't pushing but drawing them.
    brand tribe.
    influencer cuz influences their decision.
    signature offer you offer.
    leverage testimonials - peer validations.
    vision, measure results, test and repeat what works. It's marathon.
    brand website - squarespace templates etc.
        where you are and what's next.
        Home page attractive and call to action and authority.
        social channels also linkage.
        customer testimonials matter to 90%
        A contact form works wonders.
    content of many types - blogs, seminars, etc.
        opportunity to network - ask them to join and their networks will also join.
        quality traffic => leads.
        hashtags help.
    speaking is highly paid for 1 hr 20K dollars - buzz worthy and hot topics demand attention and rewarding.
        but research and target audience.
        prepare. show reels of past engagements.
        better 7 else tell how great you are.
    your bio in there - first few lines be powerful.
        use power of video - your story and content.
        not followers but degree of engagement with how many people.
IQ - Indu 4.0
    Population grew.
        series of revolutions in industry - eth changed. Work standardizations also helped.
        Mechanical - Train. Textile, Indu mass scale.
            diseases stop and economy but fights and ww. 
        Electricity - Bulb. 1800. Telephone, gas engine. 
        Electronics - Transister. Analog to digital. chips for modern computers.
        Software - www 90s and web 2.0 in late 90s where commerce on web.
    Gaps of inequality
        Then 4.0 will really show up - velocity and scope fastest in time.
            50M users - TV vs internet vs twitter - how much time they took to get popularized vs pokemon go in 9 days.
            e-scooters.
            scope - far and wide - buy product and get but now software new update over internet in days.
                automatic cars to autonomous car - huge impact on other aspects.
            Impact - new challenges - virus can attack many people together so security.
        e1 is getting connected. packet switching no reliance on 1 path.
            TCP IP emerged in university - opened in 89 and miracle afterwards.
            email, social media, videos, research - sequence of activities on smartphones in time spent.
            IOT 50 B by 2020.
        digital transformation by 3rd wave. modifying behavior so live differently like once smartphone comes.
        4th indu - 1st wave to 99 - hardware and software infra of internet and static webpage.
            2nd wave - user location and input interaction - search, social and ecommerce. Growing people of internet. smartphone and app economy.
                SaaS.
            3rd - app native solutions - uber, insta, siri, ?home automation, etc.
                internet into wild array of products and services - disruptive.
        Ages for advances in science - renaissance in france 1300 and arts, science, engg grew. politics.
            conducive politics and movement.
            library to public and new thinking. Leonardo vinci combined art and science.
            science - observation, experiement and determination => human view of life.
            1900 - science assimilates to rest of world.
            1600 - age of reason or enlightenment. rational change. Newton, voltaire, etc. brutal and war.
            1900 - modernism. easy access to knowledge and convenient living. catalysed scientific invention.
                gene, graphene, electrical aircraft, home power.
                space efforts.
        economic and demographic shifts - poverty reduced.
            china - 80s to now exponential growth.
            population grown and life expectancy from 30s to 71.
    Core Tech trends.
        Mapping for trip was not possible until good internet, mobile and os existed. wireless and payment standardizations.
        Disruptive business models when cultural acceptance, capital avail, convergence of software and hardware. build on knowledge and good luck.
        additional capabilities.
        right convergence puts business models to its head - breathtaking.
        AI - visual, speech and decision.
            viable now but talked since 1950.
            Movie - space odessey, Star wars.
        IOT - billions devices connectivity.
        Blockchain - db for cryptocurrency.
FIN - lots of expenditures and savings for after retirement. Maintaining dependents - madhurya, vatsalya, sakhya, etc.
    Pressure - the more you face, the more you grow. What felt impossible in past, seems peanuts in the present. You become like banyan tree.
    Very confident and huge potential - people starve for your presence or to recruit you cuz having you means no longer troubles.
    Switch every year said a colleague. I will keep growing.
IQ - Special allowance for tax benefits right - can I refuse to avail any of the benefits. LTA, food, Gifts.
    What form just like that in monthly salary as tax benefit or gotta show bills to get paid.
    What's this food allowance and gifts coupon - Do I get after bills or not get if no bills.
    HRA - What if I don't stay on rent. Will I get the money still?Logs - Took milk with haldi and kali mirch and cough gone. hot water b4 for cough and vapours helped with covid cure.
Sume - Simpress - customise products instead of amazon.
Sume - SCMLogistics - Prasadam Serving.
Sume - Tejinder Bhaji Suggestions
    don't take greedy approach - that immediate best decision is long term best - does not work with career.
        the rate of change is higher with paytm mall dy/dt but not maxima over time t - we want to be in crores and not stuck in plateau.
        Eg of a friend who is IISc post grad and head of org but earns 44L so it is the limit.
        We get to crores when we get our own room.
        Better be in core than specialize in domain which many newcomers can do. Many companies realizing that investing into ML buzz isn't paying them back.
    See their salary structure. It's not standardized - what if they realize that they can't afford - it's like worm bait for the fish.
        work is niche and not distinguishable - i/o over libraries not making libraries. So, many can do it - if paid more than average than you become easily replaceable.
        It's a new team - the probability of success isn't very high when starting with a new team.
        For recommendation engines already there are libraries to do it out of box - and validations from outside does not take huge talent.
    When talent does not distinguish, the politics becomes the deciding factor and that's even desirable to may be not do to others but at least safeguard oneself.
        Politics is a survival toolkit.
        People want to replace and don't care if they are losing 7's talent.
    With startups the micromanagement can be a problem and given that they are paying above their average - it can happen.
SCMProd - Tinde, Ghiya Tori (dry, wet); oat fulka with paneer bhurji.
    Daal ghol in different daals, etc.
SQ - All 9 stages of bhakti are neither stages to be at nor the checkpoints but are neural network layers.
    They are like layers of neural networks - every layer getting better as you work on improving any layer to overall best results.
    REL as I improve on bhakti practice - my distractions and anarthas go on reducing leading to ever better steadiness in sadhana and hence the growing interest.
    Also this growth along the neural layers is also exponential (not linear) in nature cuz result of next layer get ever better as the previous layers get better.
        why exponential cuz improvement feeds itself.
    And it takes lots of input at a neural layer to produce a small result in the next neural layer
    but it gets faster over time cuz of ever increasing quality of input cuz of reducing impurities.
Movie - Chronicles of Narnia.
FND - NFP - observations on lapse -
    lost or rather, considerably reduced sense of greatness or superiority, jovial behavior gone, talkative and ability to play in communication gone, reduced initatives or incentives in VA.
    Cause - Insides, Overeating with ghee, Ayurvedic Article read that may lose creativity and should not stop the flow and normal people do it but retention helps with spirituality.
    Why trust populace or so called experts ignoring your own gut or instinct.
SocialErp - UAN Number for EPF.
    UAN
        Old - 100089259339 - mobile - 72*****0944
        New from Sal Slip. Registration with 97.*
    Given UAN - get mobile and activated registration - that's all. UAN was most precious anybody could do it - very dangerous (internal link to existing mobile number)
        got information on bank linked to another UAN with prefix and suffix.
    PAN - to get UAN with all details including mobile registered.
        Trying to login using UAN - get error that different mobile is registered.
        Must link adhar and UAN - https://iwu.epfindia.gov.in/eKYC/LinkUanAadhaar.
        gotta change the registered mobile - need UAN and password for that.
CS - Script vs Program
    A "script" is code that acts upon some system in an external or independent manner and can be removed or disabled without disabling the system itself.
    A "program" is code that constitutes a system. The program's code may be written in a modular manner, with good separation of concerns, but the code is fundamentally internal to, and a dependency of, the system itself.
    Scripts are often interpreted, but not always. Programs are often compiled, but not always.
IQ - Manager - Best Management is async - write your concerns in a kafka topic and address them when consumed.
    also also all your NICE have some kafka topic.
SCMProd - Brothers Dhaba, Haveli, Gyan di Lassi, Special Parantha and snack on the way, Sadda Pind, Kesar da Dhaba.
    Bakasur, Different city delights, All famous Bangalore points, Pizza parties, Farewells with samosas and kachoris, etc.
FND - NFP - 27 Mainstream movies with most.
Movie - Malena.
Movie - Deranged And Psychologically Disturbing Films - reviews from people. Similar to horror or Bhayanak rasa (1 of 12 rasas).
SQ - Ramayan - our hero Ram has his Varna and Ashram both in focus.
    Ram's ashram - how to behave with different relationships. Both sweet and strong - not gullible but dharma centered even in ashram.
        Ram was not victim of conspiracy - he saw opportunity and established attitude in that familiar dealing.
        Given opportunity to come back so not a layi lag. Guha lets him be king in another place - eager for sages association and purpose.
    Ram's Varna - primary varna is to purposes of descent which he really does.
        But also earthly, his varna being to protect. Biggest need of protection for sages and eventually e1 from demons.
        Ram gets to wipe earth of demonic forces and already protection from wild.
        Establishing the selflessness of letting citizens to be taken care of under bharat and eventually Ram Rajya.
        Single handedly challenging the largest force on earth; power of making allies.
    Ram's spirituality - he inspires our spiritual life and for himself he associates with sages always.
    Ram's person - is always attractive.
    Same thing can apply to Krishna also.
SQ - Jivera svarupa hoye Krishnera nitya das - To serve is our nature - not even enjoying 12 rasas.
    We gotta increase the stock price of seva vritti more than bhog vritti but not thru denial or imposition but naturally and gradually.
    We are servers of rasas not enjoyers of in spiritual world.
PIES - communication sometimes brings new insights or tells facts but other times it just fuels an argument within the listener.
SQ - DAKM is essence but essence of essence is Seva Vritti coming to a point of spiritual realm acceptance is higher essence.
    Is karma essence of hinduism - by hinduism obviously it's scriptures.
    Then yes and no - there are many projections to see it so karmic being one of them.
NFP - Great Brahmacaris.
    Bhishma - He was the reasons Kauravas felt invincible and he was the one who made them undefeatable.
        He made it difficult for pandavas literally and physically but he had to tell his defeat secret.
    BSS - Undefeatable in arguments. SP, BVT, etc.
    Gandhi - such willpower to challenge a nation - of course, mistakes - to err is human but his stature was high.
    Spartacus - became leader and eg for future for freedom.
    Mohammad Gauri - 1 year abstinence to defeat Prithviraj.
    Mike Tyson - Yes, in those days I thought greatness was everything.
    Modi - Love or hate but you can't ignore him.
    Newton - Such scientific foundation laying foundation for psychological movement and 1st Industrial revolution.
    Temple Brahmacaris - we felt to be part of a great movement - so profound it was whatever they presented.
        I wished others knew about them and their contents.
SQ - What is life all about according to Hinduism - yes it explains karma cycle, etc.
    But what's the guidance for 1 life - it 4 pursharthas - DAKM.
    Dharma (svadharma (VA) and sanatan (sp)), artha (tangible and untangible resources), kaam (all layers of existence), moksha (prema included).
    These can be thought to map to kshatriya, vaishya, shudra and brahmin but that mapping is not at social level but at individual level.
    Overbloating of any 1 of the purusharthas for 1 life leads to phenomena like dictatorship, capitalism, communism, and church governance.
    But is VA really kshatriya thingy - not at all - it is trigger of person's administrative aspects not social people do it.
    In Nivritti marg, Artha and Kaam is kept to the bare minimum like body temperature.
        Nivritti is prominently feed dharma to Moksha directly (seva vritti is implicit neural layer) with least effort to artha and kaam.
        but pravritti allows for all and gradually increase seva vritti stakes.
    Is vedas all about seva vritti - that's the essence of essence of essence so can't quote that directly.
        VA is natural. Then DAKM is life's goal for e1 and even in that goal, the goal is to grow the stakes of seva vritti ultimately for moksha.
CS - Quora: Is a data engineer more in demand than data scientists?
    ML has been democratised into cloud containers.
    DL is the next thing and regular data engg.
    If your company doesn't have technical tracks then your only choice is management
    Tracks - Solutions Architect, Data Architect, Application architect
    could end up CDO or CIO
    Reddit
    Do you like building things, solving problems with logic, and writing code? Software Engineer
    Do you like pouring through data, cleaning it, working with python, thinking through problems with data, running experiments? Data engineer
PIES - Ashram can't be translated as personal life, social life or household life - but a union of all of them.
    Best translation in my opinion is consumer life.
    And for varna it is producer life or career.
Logs - IQ - Spark job hardcoding taken to submit params and in turn to db.
PIES - Transaction phase of SVAF will look like not ability to navigate thru frameworks like hospital or hotel, but walking like you own the framework, ability to interrogate, etc.
CS - Brave browser is 3x chrome.
FND - NFP - Ability to tolerate NPMO in all combinations.
FND - NFP - Paschattap and Prayashcit for misused privacy is forced to be social and public. Includes sleeping without air conditioner.
CS - CRUD on all software also - create thru documentation and official announcement. Deprecation for delete and gradual removal.
SQ - I don't do spiritual practices as futile exercise - Every J must have an application. Every D must have verifiable K trace of evolution.
    Application is not a phase is life but an accompanying aspect with all the study.
    Individual applications are like tips so a lot to implement and remember and may have ingredients but not the dish - so framework is practical side of KC (rituals to never forget).
        So every study J is a reinforcement of practical framework.
SQ - J Phases
    Life Prep
        Prerana - 
        Study Circle - See work in spiritual light.
            Eg - Varna is the foundation or the soil for the tree of KC.
        Ashrams or Sabha - Spiritualize our social life.
    Sanskars Cultivation for VOD
CS - Mockito
    To get the json - I tried manually then tried to create object and used gson to make jsonObject.
    Also, the real problem that it was giving null pointer exception on streaming was that Utils object was mocked which I was hoping to work with other static method to return Gson and do the needful.
    If you are using argument matcher, you can't use it with some of the arguments, you gotta use it with all.
    doReturn("foo").when(spy).get(0);
    spy to change only specific pieces and let others remain.
IQGrats - URL not working - there was a space after the url hence getting rejected.
    comparison with existing working url helped.
Sume - Amazon - Subjective paper
    Perhaps they want to find the n-dimensional distance from amazon employee's average score
    2 extremes are worded s.t you find it amusing either way - think what they want.
    and then find the distance in n-dimensions - euclidian or whatever.
    Also observe that statements on either side have assertion and a reason - when you say most like me - it's AND and more like more - then Assertion is true but reason is wrong.
    So, it's not a continuous variable but can be discrete with 1 best discrete answer in that case - it should not distance but sth like manhattan distance 1 for every different answer.
    Eg - where are you on the horizon - good on both sides - take your pick.
        I usually have ideas about how to improve an old way of doing things VS Once in a while, I find it difficult to integrate new data.
        Most Like Me
            More Like Me
                More Like Me
                    Most Like Me
        I am more of a realist compared to those around me. VS something else.
            ....
IQGrats - Voting based feature proposed and liked. Partners or dev angels already there who act like consultants - Product Management.
Sume - bibucket, gitlab, etc used.
CS - GIT - Keep commit remove its content OR cherrypicking
    git diff commit2..commit4 | git apply -R
    git revert 3 //not sure how this would work.
    git cherry-pick master~4 master~3
    The real problem being master allows merge but not direct writing - additional commit already written into master.
    Now gotta write older commit of master on top so that merge can happen. Solution apply reverse.
    Commit replay tried but won't be very helpful in this case - https://thoughtbot.com/blog/git-interactive-rebase-squash-amend-rewriting-history
    https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30540608/how-to-replay-a-commit-onto-a-branch-that-already-contains-the-commit
Logs - Story - I recall when 7 collapsed during lecture - RSP ran towards him during lecture - so what character he has, awesome.
CS - Maven - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13354531/maven-project-build-directory
IQ - Arch - while trying to solve a problem, we think of what all possible ways are possible to solve this problem.
    And how do you reason in a best possible way to single out the best architecture or design.
    Arch is a practice - we should explore lots of designs and think what would be other ways to do it and which is better or worse with reasons.
    Consider all trade-offs.
    Even every arch design can be thought of as a program written in its own language.
Sume - Grey Scale AI
    ML - KMeans Algo, SVM Algorithm how it works.
    OS - Explain file system in LINUX - Blocks and buffer cache. DB Normalization and indexing explain (BTrees).
    JAVA OOP, Functional programming how is it different - good. Functions first class citizens - create pass and receive.
        No side effects - pure mathematical.
        Immutability - how for iterative and selection blocks - again thru functions. No reuse of variables.
    Computer Vision - DIP, CNN, OpenCV for Nephew Detection.
    How does authentication and authorization work in microservices - many tokens jwt, oauth, oauth2.
        but how internally - we separate a gateway service to get tokens and use those with another microservices.
        But that microservice won't know the new token right - yes, so those active tokens are maintained in some redis cache or somewhere common to access.
        But these tokens can be stolen - yes, that's right so that's why we have 2 tokens - access token and session token - both are used.
    What's the work - pipeline check if there is any crack or bad quality while processing is going on. Upload this data to the cloud.
        there's hardware side to it and software side as well.
    SAP vs start up - good to settle and working on small parts of big arch vs grow in career in fast changing design - fast growth and so forth.
Logs - Story - Papa says we didn't know what fight is - This house even the needle can't enter so much together.
    Later came to know about property conflicts and all but we thought e1 belongs to others.
    All lifetimes money from bauji and brothers given away to adopted youngest brother who was like a child.
Logs - Story - Managing school behaviors - power hunger cuz no alternatives.
    Clerk misbehavior - register given to teacher who mishandled fees and sought help which was refused under other's influence.
        heard her for a while and she saw that as an opportunity to become heavy - our audits, why gave to teacher (clerk gave).
        but beyond a line you gotta take a stand - then I won't and you must.
        There must be solution - no solution you correct it - then do it yourself.
        But corrected it to avoid escalation and small work and huge reward to be reminded afterwards.
        Help from sanskrit teacher - simple solution - change 1 row column entry alone others would match but clerk was somewhat incompetent to see that possibility.
    Money usurped from teachers exam duty.
        escalated to principal and he remembered it with grudge.
        Should have threatened him implicitly - what's wrong with governance we must escalate it.
    Beli Ram gave tea to principal in very lousy way 
        principal unhappy with abysmal service told mama about it - who was in charge.
        Madam what to do I had winded up - go ask forgiveness from him explaining your situation else he will send charge sheet for explanation.
        He followed and it was resolved. And also brought mama in good light.
        Madam you are in charge - said yes loudly cuz that gives impression - gave service but must pay
            else you come under their debt - take it or else we won't come again.
    Syami's friendship with tuck shop owner for same reason and of course for empathy.
Sume - HR kinda person said - Manager nobody wants but coding everybody wants.
    Market is hot so obvious that you are getting many offers.
    start up - more close to technologies - need 20 hard core people from premier institutues.
        engineer somewhere around the corner in MNC is possible.
    Don't take shit from nobody - if 7 saying if you can do it.
    My work is actually combination of capabilities.
    Opposite of start up is established not MNC. Opposite of MNC is localized business.
    Don't get increment thru comparison - yes, it is bidding but not explicit one.
    I am earning so goddamn less. So, veredict is very clear.
CS - Mockito
    without framework annotation - mocked class object gives null pointer exception - so add @RunWith(PowerMockRunner.class)
    we must always use doReturn with spies and not when thenReturn - but there can be exceptions to this.
IQ - We don't announce our team's weakenesses - that gives bad impression.
CS - Quality - sonar-project.properties with all sonar config information.
IQ - He doesn't like so much Bureaucracy so over mails also he discusses and communicates besides the tool.
    Ask bold questions and then justify the intent with something else.
    But probability will have only such eg thus many effects and probability of cause being something will be high.
Movie - Martyrs
    means witness - pain and suffering imposed 
    Be victim (fear, ?revenge, imagining problems) or transcend (let go and accept).
    something so beautiful and beyond humanity that she chose not to tell anyone and kill herself
    what Anna told her was too terrible for her to live with
    Removes all cosmetics as useless, exclaims that it was unambiguous and that does not want to tell and dies.
    In horror movies, all characters end up being martyrs to this cause for us, the audience members.
    We witness their suffering from a place of complete safety; we're never victims ourselves, nor are we the monsters.
        What are we willing to do to someone else--even someone fictional--in order to experience this euphoric sensation of a transformation-by-proxy
Movie - The passion of the christ.
Movie - Blue Valentine - relationship that won't work.
Movie explained - irreversible, audition, The girl next door, etc.
SocialErp - Now a new thread will start - SocialErp also means how soul in material world will behave.
    We have to not just do grats in PIES but also grow socially thru our services in VA (This is beyond seeing VA for PIES grats)
SocialErp - Family lessons
    Bauji was very learned and we could learn a lot from him but took him for granted.
        Don't repeat the mistakes of past whether SocialErp or HomeErp.
        We learn throughout our lives - so yes we are not perfect - this is humility. Ignorants think they are the best.
    We have very great resource of intelligence - but what are we doing with it.
        Great cause - Newton saying I am just collecting sea shells and he was right.
        Noble cause - People obsessed with finding life on planets. Medicines, etc.
        Not utilized - What use is the intel that was not utilized. ?It was a wasted resource - it would have been ok if we didn't have it.
        Wasted (or spoilt) - there are so many places to waste our intelligence in. Degrade ourselves and society with our assets.
        More
            world is endless - it has avenues for the best and also for the worst.
            ?How unfortunate it is that we have made TV as our guru - all greedy people with their 4 defects and biases start to teach us their ideologies.
            We sell ourselves to not even our own family heritage, to speak nothing of spiritual potential heritage and get socially manipulated. How unfortunate!
        May we find the best direction for our intelligence.
    Kshama shobhati hai us bhujang ko - never leave all poetry we have studied.
SQ - Spiritual maturity to realize that impersonalism is worth respecting, so is atheism, buddism and all.
    But subscribing to them alone may not be in our best self interest.
    Learning to respect all jivas in different roles they are serving in.
    There are people who have dedicated their lives and perform serious tapasya on the path so please a little respect.
    1 thing is to realize that they have rascaldom (or 4 defects) but another that they have a genuine evolution stage and every stage is worth respecting if you are sincere [lover of trans]
SQ - Unfortunately people take their spiritual lessons from immature people.
    Immature cuz they have done no discipline study or tapasya to qualify to comment but their feelings are enough a criteria according to them.
    People based on feelings wanna make karna a hero - no disciplined scrutinized study of shastra is important to them. Why should we take our spiritual lessons from such shallow experienced people.
    Is our spirituality that cheap that we take lessons from Tom, Dick and Harry after learning from our most honorable parampara.
Logs - Story - Kamsa why he kept Vasudev and Devaki together in mail sent to all - I answered to the author alone.
Logs - Radheshyam Prabhu given garland and sometimes unfortunately we think envious but we are his product - his praise is our praise.
    But we need to evolve so no problem.
PIES - there is a parampara system in SVAF.
    We have an ashram parampara (Family, social state or nation), Varna (Our stream is jnana and school college is sampradaya)
    so with spirituality.
    We have to do justice to our roots and serve either as a beneficiary of our gharana or carrier of legacy.
    There is Rin (debt) associated with all the sampradayas to be paid as dakshina and most importantly as legacy.
EQ - Even HCM or entertainment which is like SRM from society in entertainment is also one valid source.
    extremes to be avoided here also and principle of yukta is important - neither too less nor too much.
    What's too less - disconnect from society. Can't co-enjoy with our social circle.
    What's too much - that exploration which does not serve me spiritually or socially.
Logs 
    Papa answered properly to bade papaji regarding clarifications on keys not given to jawai.
    Mama witnessed fans twisted by asr team.
    Mama's encountered with girls full of lies but street smart.
    Papa on narratives to the story.
PIES - 12 rasas (4+4+4)
    Primary - Senior (Vatsalya), Junior (Dasya), Equal (Sakhya and Madhurya)
    Secondary Art - Creator (Fan or Shant), Creation Quality (new - Surprise), Creation Scale (Grandeur - Adbhuta), Trivialization (Humor or hasya)
    Secondary Drama - Predator (anger), Prey (daya), Prey self (bhayanak), Savior (Hero or veer)
    Action Item
        Levels - 1st hand, 2nd hand (witness it in others)
        Gotta cultivate Drama stories, And ack arts around. And participation in relationships for Ashram (Seva in VA).
SQ - There should be times when I am open to question everything in SMY with suspicion or skepticism but if I make it default or unbridled then sp growth can get stunted.
PIES - Rasas essence.
    General Primary - feeling of love. Behaving as one is underlying thread.
    Senior - Vatsalya - Making your photocopy - represented and living thru your dependent. SM or teachers included, etc.
    Equal
        Sakhya - cluster of similar for some co-achievements with value additions to final art (peers) or each other (client server)
        Madhurya - compatible relationship for co-achievement as complementary units making individual more complete.
    Junior - Dasya - Pride of contribution to highest cause.
    Secondary being specific emotions triggered thru definite patterns in stimuli.
    One goal is to create streams of this mental gratification thru proper management and skill development - Skills, knowledge, Attitude (ASK).
PIES - Essence of IQ grats being achievements at different granularities with roll ups and drill downs - streaming at different scales - hour, day, etc.
PIES - SVAF at social layer is different and the next level after doing PIES for personal grats streaming and maximization.
SQ - no1 can boast in face of prakriti.
    laws are stringent - if 1 does not have a positive hook, world and even subtle resources can potentially lead us to breaking bad.
    SP said my disciples are not sufficiently afraid of maya - we should be - this only helps us in our KC.
    This should be our topmost fear - fear of Krishna's mahamaya.
    That way we also get to positively and best approach Krishna outta fear (FDDL).
CS - Kafka - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51375187/why-kafka-is-not-p-in-cap-theorem
Sume - GreyScale AI.
    Summary - Recursion based first question - Recursion based Tree traversal. 2nd question was just smart (difficult for one who has never thought of this idea). Practice would do it.
    Work culture - multiple threads with handovers across silicon valley team and Indian teams every morning evening.
        no customer yet but someone in a role can better tell - so startup with an investment.
    Problem 1 - Flood Fill the image - color code all the neighboring pixels with the same old color values (0-255) as the point's color (0-255).
        Recursion to solve it. Make sure to not visit a visited pixel again.
        Recursion continues as long as any of 4 neighbors has same color value.
        Stopping condition when no unvisited neighbor found with same color code.
        func(int[][] image 0-255, Point point.x.y, int color = 0-255);
    Problem 2 - Traverse thru the list containing numbers from 0 to n-1 in array of size greater than n.
        Write down all the repeating the numbers (twice at least) in linear time and without extra space.
        Without linear time - then sort and perform.
        With extra space I can go ahead with hash table approach.
        How to remember if I have visited some number
        answer thru its index - mark the number against the visited number's index as negative.
            as soon as 2 appears first time - the index's number is marked negative.
            If It appears again - we can see the number as negative and conclude that it has appeared again.
FND - NFP - 80 reasons to evolve beyond - an exercise to engage intelligence which may grow weaker (discrimination and determination)
    Dopamine saturation - no incentive left for big achievements in life.
    Confidence is affected.
    Induces lots of lack of sleep and unrest.
    Unwillingness to take interest in real women.
    Playfulness replaced - I would rather go play some sports with that time.
    I can perform exercise and make myself stronger.
    It has lots of inertia and won't let you grow easily.
    I have past of yearning my way out of it.
    The apathy it causes has shown worst of days.
    It gives tensions which are simply distractions from something higher.
    Spiritual progress is greatly limited by this.
    Foggy and cluttered brain - rather than organized understanding cuz of genuine investment into subject of interest. So, worse recall.
    Days become formalities and not filled with willingness to do something more than normal.
    Jeevanam Bindu rakshanat, Maranam bindu patanat.
    You feel weak after that.
    There is a guilt and sorry after every iteration.
    It appears innocent but is an enemy in disguise cuz of all the bad it yields.
    All breaking bad stories start with good or innocent intentions.
    If we don't do the right, you should know that this is the foundation principle of many horrific crimes worldwide.
    Many people claim that it makes you weaker at all the layers of existence.
    There is eg of so many stalwart personalities who harnesssed the power and became great in history.
    Even contemporary times, wrestlers claim to get extra strength, aggression from proper channeling this force.
    Do we want to be like Hanuman or the crow in Ramayan.
    Even the demons during the phase of cultivating power used this force to their advantage.
    Nepolean Hill's book scored extra after addition of this chapter.
    Love is subsided under selfishness.
    It is objectification of jivas - the very thing that I disapprove of when animals are mistreated.
    This does not let the best emerge from subjects cuz they are seen with that vision - but they are much greater than that. They are jiva souls.
    Subjects are culturally forced to act like that cuz there is a demand created.
    Subjects lose their innocent humanity - fearing that their family should not see them like this.
    It is hypocrisy in our spiritual practice.
    pythogorus told students that they could do it iff they wanted to be weaker than themselves.
    The desire for service attitude does not come cuz this wolf is not fed.
    It feeds the bad wolf - it becomes more difficult to control it in future - stronger impressions and tendencies.
    This stronger wolf revisits in sincere hours and create a mess in a legimimate sincere endeavor. Just like Rakshasas in Ramayan.
    The danger of 7th offence - spiritual practice taken for granted as broomstick for cleaning our mess - that won't be good when taste or medicine is denied or works less effectively.
    With this purity, we become blunt to spiritual realities - we will start projecting basal nature in understanding subtlest realities. So, we will become alien to our spirituality.
    Character build up becomes difficult at best and scandalous at worst.
    What makes a wuss - he is not interested in the field in question but why is he not interested - cuz he is interested in something else - why is he not there then - cuz that place is escapism and not expertise.
    Sadhana is sidelined to again come back to working condition - eg you can't wake up early to do something.
    Tendency to postpone the real head on problem solving.
    Tolerance (of any kind) becomes reduced - inebriation destroys the principle of penance which needs ability to tolerate.
    It also destroys the principle of cleanliness - unclean body, unclean mind and in turn, unclean surroundings cuz of reduced incentive and unclean dress.
    It feeds MOI characterised by willingness to get a reward without any endeavor - so always trying to hack into rewards and not pay the price.
    You feel like you have lost all control - drishtva eva atmani ishware does not happen.
    External victory comes from internal or personal victory - as told by Tukaram to Shivaji.
    Self controlled man will yield best of armies - said by historically recognized men like Nepolean or so.
    You ignore even other kinds of fallbacks - like entertainments on other layers of existence and thus, your overall enjoyment of life is reduced.
    You ignore legitimate track of same enjoyment instead of simulated one thus no excitement or curiosity left.
    Your grats benchmarks of it rise leading to reduced interest everywhere.
    It contaminates higher layers to start with intelligence and breaking bad starts - you don't realize when it happens like crocodile movement.
    In such self obsession even spiritual practices simply show the face of fanaticism only cuz such person won't even have discipline of systematic study.
    Reduced discipline and dedication in life - you don't wanna work like formality to finish things and not doing things artistically.
    An act of lapse of determination and discrimination - becomes an acceptance criteria for the future cuz you said yes at that time.
    intelligence is like a wall here and if it is breached, Our confidence in ability to withstand it next time gets shaky like batman trying to get out of well - failure becomes acceptable.
    Imagine our mind's thinking feeling willing tainted by lower nature - the higher pleasures become difficult.
    You can't maintain an intellectual session with a woman cuz you are constantly distracted by lower level details.
    Your imagination or possibilities frontier gets restricted by the willingness which is contaminated by the prevailing attachments.
    Hatred shows up for a group who are not even worthy of it because of your internal conflicts.
    Your sense of self worth is reduced. You can't see a greatness magma inside you, ready to burst as a volcano.
    Your efforts are minimal to do the needful and not requiring full dedication of an artist.
    Your associations determine your actions, thoughts, desires - what are you cultivating? Need an effort to raise the bar and associate with worthy and VIP folks.
    What you associate with is a strong determinant of your future - so how does your future look like - I surely hope you don't want to be an escapist.
    Our future lives is greatly affected by our actions and associations in the present - with so strongly attached to such things, probability evolved life is reduced in comparison.
    What possibility human life holds - even Bhishma, already vasu in past life, became a mahajan, so evolved in further. Normies can become Krishna homies.
    tripod of mind, seed and prana.
    vicar, dharan shakti.
    What a great wastage of human endowments or resources it is that we are ready to misuse it, while these resources could help humanity socially and spiritually.
    Laws of nature snatch away the misused human endowments, we surely don't want to live a more restricted life - rather we want a more freedom based life. Cow with great circumference is better off than short one.
    Many people have witnessed a very strong linkage of it with depression. And e1 knows which alleys depression can take a person to.
    Your physical and mental benefits grow; web is full of successful stories.
    I would rather release dopamine, oxytocin, endorphins from legimimate source after paying the price than have it for free; there is nothing called free lunch.
    My personal space should be full of making myself better and not worse or remaining same as before.
    It's time to increase our services through increased service attitude and scaled it to social scale thru all granularities. Enjoyment mentality is same high traffic boring road.
    Our time should be spent on studying the super awesome scriptures from our acaryas with such fine understanding and not chewing the chewed - the combinations of the same old.
    The possibility of aaroh panth in scriptures is also very encouraging - it will benefit us and also the society if applied right - why waste life in 5 tattvas' 1 concrete mixture.
    Story of Liquid beauty - this is what we are attached to - it's only the packaging - inside is all substances of pus, mucus, bile, blood, bones.
    The power of it is so strong a person willingly jumps into the fire to burn inside it cuz it's pain in the womb of pleasure. It's a lion hiding in sheep's cloth.
    How degrading it can get that it will make a person see VA relationships with sordid stories from worst of wuss. This degraded life becomes a new normal for people cuz they know nothing better - like common cuss words.
    Our senses, mind, intel, ego and soul or ourselves deserve Krishna installed on its seat and it's also the best bet. Like Rukmini said this prey or rather cub belongs to only the supermost predator and not puny jackals.
    How unfortunate it is that soul in the alien nature is attracted to pretty looking glass and forgetting the jewel that he is truly worthy of, which is closest than the close.
    You promise but don't deliver cuz no clear head to put into something with determination.
    It's easy to stop but very difficult to start. To resume is still relatively easy.
Sume - GreyScaleAI - Questions to be asked.
    How many customers, Weekends off, Day work 12-14 hours, technology stack.
    JD, Job responsibilities include CNN creation or openCV or not.
    What all will be the expectations.
    Ambitions in short term features.
CS - Quality - Mockito stubbing concepts.
    Don't change the existing working code a lot - only extract methods as protected and create stubs or adapter classes for these protected methods.
    Now use these adapter classes to perform your tests - this will guarantee full code coverage and thorough testing.
    This also enables us to escape the use of powerMock.
    This is a great idea but won't apply to scala directly cuz objects can't be overridden but we can still to do it by making it class or by using null checks but ignore them for now.
    So dependency injection can also be solved thru stubbing the whole class to be tested.
IQGrats - Understood Statespec by just some KT session and exploration and logic in the code.
Logs - Taking revenge from children cuz they laughed while they didn't get good treatment - making them choke. Not good.
Logs - Kanwal mausi once insect entered in ear. Rat bit on ear.
Sume - GreyScaleAI
    Problem - given employee, dept, salary tables find the top 3 employee salaries. join and order by desc with limit.
    Problem - find the longest path from any given cell of a matrix until we have unit or no increase.
        Actually it's a standard DP problem but we can also think along building the ideas.
            Idea is have a DP matrix - start from 0,0 and recursion of 1+sideCell's value if constraint is met and 0 when outside matrix boundaries (base case).
            So, it's a bottom up DP or BnB with memorization.
        gotta use recursion to traverse - done already.
        gotta use DP for finding the longest.
            That will be involving and unnecessary cuz it won't help - can't reduce a problem to it.
        so better go for backtracking and then improve the top down approach.
            the problem of visited - maintain local visited array for all of them.
            we can think of keeping track of largest from a node already (using tracker table) so as to improve performance.
            that way this can be a DP problem - memorization stored in the matrix of same dimension.
        Evolution - first immediate check, then recursion to find 1 sample path, then find the best path.
            then improve the time complexity thru memorization.
        Following solution was given.
        Class Point {
        Int x;
        Int y;
        }
        int [][] visited = new int[mat.length][mat[0].length];
        Point[] bestPath = new Point[max.length*mat[0].length];
        Point[] path = new Point[max.length*mat[0].length];
        Int Count = 0, maxCount = 0;
        Int pathSize = 0;
        maxLength(int[][] mat, Point point, Point[] path, int pathSize) {
            Count++;
            path[size+1] = point;
            Visited[point.x][point.y] = true;
            System.out.println(mat[point.x][point.y];
            Point[4] neighbor = new Point[4];
            Neighbor[0] = (point.x-1, point.y)
            Neighbor[1] = (point.x+1, point.y)
            Neighbor[2] = (point.x, point.y-1)
            Neighbor[3] = (point.x, point.y+1)
            for(int i=0;i < 4; i++)
            {
                if((mat[neighbor[i].x][neighbor[i].y] == mat[point.x][point.y]) + 1) || (mat[neighbor[i].x][neighbor[i].y] == mat[point.x][point.y]) && visited[point.x][point.y] == false)) {
                    Visited[neighbor[i]] = true;
                    Count, path = maxLength(mat, neighbor[0], path, pathSize+1);
                    if(count > maxCount) {
                        maxCount = count;
                        bestPath = path;
                    }
                    Visited[neighbor[i].x][neighbor[i].y] = false;
                    Break;
                }
                Count--;    //unnecessary
            }
            Return maxCount, bestPath;
        }
        https://docs.google.com/document/d/19uirWSkmB28KFA8QtEaQ3gZB0vx3zi-BTxR81VBxQtg/edit?ts=60c2d663
    Problem - Questioning your very use case.
        Why not use drill already - cuz it just lets us query thru an sql engine at design time specification not runtime.
        What's the difference between these engines - Drill is for design time flex, presto vs hive is not known to me, hive and spark are different engines.
            Hive started supporting on spark also but later on that.
        This is unnecessary as they would have done it - no, one thing is to improve arch internally and another to check them out of the box for different queries.
        but query will behave differently for different DB states and queries - queries are already characterised in terms of constructs.
            DB states we used TPCDS for standardization.
    Startups don't want sythesis route to a solution but standardized things
        like reverse this linked list now
        perform DP on this standard problem now.
        nothing wrong with it - it's just how they want it to be that's all as per my observation.
Sume - Joining Startup at this stage
    will be foolishness at top level cuz that will
        malign my career graph.
        make it appear less important - names make a difference be it college or company.
    First of all name of the established MNCs always make your resume attractive.
    Techs matter much lesser than DSA and system design.
    Also, why I stayed at SAP - cuz of respecting faith and instill self confidence in myself that I really serve the best whoever I join.
    Of course, startup is MOP culture which is somewhat desirable but it will affect my association with J if K is too darn demanding.
PIES - Life choices criteria (Very important)
    About - nomenclature - choice means immediate path pick and decision means final carved goal and all other possibilities cut out.
    My ashram choices have always been subservient to varna - I stayed wherever my varna could be done best.
    Why I stayed in Jamshedpur cuz that was best for my varna.
    But st varna decisions also made subservient to spirituality - like stay at VOICE or YOGA at the locations.
        Varna best could be sth else but chose another. St ashram best and varna neutral vs spirituality best then also I chose spirituality.
    So, In decision making also spirituality has been and even should be the primary criteria
        but of course, 1 can override it.
        Not that I want to stay at another location even if there are no IT companies there - there better be suitable atmosphere for varna and then decide best for ashram.
    1. So, always decide based on priority and n-dimensional space skyliner - best for spirituality, best for varna, best for ashram.
        skyliner is an important concept here. st varna a little good but ashram a lot good with a certain choice.
    2. Next, very important consideration is decide based on the end result you wanna see. And dijkstra's shortest path to that.
        There is nothing wrong with any choice - there is no right or wrong choice but only repercussions.
            We have this exit or config in the framework of things - starting a new business which favors your interests in a company is not easy
                vs accepting the one which favors your interest is easy.
        Future is invisible no matter which choice we make and can take us any ride - that way it is not a DSA problem but AI problem with heuristics.
        All choices will always be based on heuristics to better our long term best self interest (shreyas and not just preyas)
        every choice is valid with pros and cons wrt different goals (money, stability, fun, IT, etc).
        Visualize the final desired picture in your head and think which choice best serves the interests to my final desired picture (dijkstra approach but also greedy approach in light of intended outcome)
    All other alluring choices become difficult because of lack of maturity.
        Eg - offer of 45 lakhs in desired place which is not even spirituality or varna favorable
        in lack of maturity, we may think that greedy approach is to grab it but that may not be the best self interest.
    My life decision (as of now) is not to maximize along a unique dimension but to expand along PIES dimension together with mutual applications and wisdom.
        this makes for a very fulfilling life in both bhog and seva.
        It is seen that being topper in any 1 Dimension sometimes comes at a cost of sacrificing something in other Dimensions.
        sometimes people take this assertion way too far but there is some truth to it.
        It is better to be among the best in all the fronts - why should you be outlier until really necessary - be the top 3% of normal distribution - that is already awesome.
        Life is not a competition but I wish to convey the idea.
        Hardcore materialists ignore spirituality dimension in pursuit of some of PIES which are all natural for the jiva.
        Hardcore spiritualists ignore jiva's natural tendencies to express themselves in conditional world cuz of which they sometimes again get attracted to world.
        Healthy spiritualists maintain spiritual practice as recommended by BG - taking care of SVAF 
            until at sanyas stage, one is so much evolved in constitutional state that the worldly tastes are redundant and no better.
            Actually the goal is only SQ but it won't be sustained in the marathon without PIES balance. So, 1 goal is evolution of consciousness and way to do it is balanced PIES.
CS - Writing code is bottom up construction and ticket solving is top down from functionality to arch to code implementation.
    That's why both of them together serve as a great combo.
IQ - CS specific - Learning
    Ticket solving helps with top down understanding
        First premise for this is all that is told is all that you need to know
            Be it - functionally (customer view), Architecturally (system and app design) and implementation-wise (Programming capabilities and APIs)
        For all exceptions, Be upfront at asking details.
    Implementations helps with bottom up.
    All KTs and discussions bridge things in the middle.
    Personal Explorations paints everything getting darker with every iteration.
SQ - Soul is sat cid ananda and body, mind are all dead anyways - then who is miserable in the material world?
    Soul has a constitutional nature of sat cid ananda 
    but in bahirmukh state when soul's consciousness is projected to matter
        like person identifying himself in the movie experiences movie emotions.
        The person is not himself but sth else - sth alloyed like mud in contact with water.
        soul experiences are wrt conditional reality and conditional reality operates by its own arrangements.
    another perspective is that jiva wants matter to behave as server to himself being client or beneficiary like for Krishna.
        for Krishna all jivas, all prakriti (energies) are the servers and he is the client or beneficiary of different rasas.
        when we don't get the experience of the bhoga vritti expressions (proprietor, controller, enjoyer, well wisher), we suffer.
        Why soul suffered cuz of wrong expectations; why expectations - cuz trying to be Krishna or beneficiary of eth.
        why sat cid ananda soul thought of expecting anything outside of itself - bhoga beejam eventually bhoga kutam (sanskars and vrittis)
        bhoga beejam may have reasons beyond the scope of comprehension and ability to relate but it's revealed as causeless unwillingness - like rich wants to eat poha.
    Therefore, the problem is caused by not just being bahirmukh (that's natural in conditioned state) or enjoying mentality but both combined.
        but seeking enjoyments (disease or infatution of the jivas) from the conditional reality, thereby, breaking 3 peace formula aspects.
        and this realm although inferior to marginal energy, doesn't operate strictly under marginal laws but superior energy's laws.
        we just wanna take advantage of the existing laws and create a stream of enjoyership aspects by manipulating them in our favor.
        which is bad?
            not necessarily bad (only potentially) but whimsical. Ishavasya idam sarvam.
            Like any manipulation of object outside of its intended purpose is risky 
            at best is substandard usage and at worst is dangerous at different granularities of being (personal, group, social, spiritual).
    why is soul subject to this 
        cuz beejam has to be given a stimulus by supreme merciful Lord.
        So with projected consciousness and bhoga beejam, soul suffers like kasturi mriga looks for fragrance outside of itself.
            The actual pleasure is in itself - service, the constitutional nature of soul - jivera svarupa hoye Krishnera nitya das.
        So, soul needs service for pleasure and is not constitutionally pleasurable - no, the 2 are not separate but in the same package of soul's nature.
            Then why is enjoyment not constitutional - actually it is constitutional being part and parcel of Krishna but when misdirected independent of Krishna then it causes misery.
            Then the real problem is why jiva thought of pleasure outside of Krishna - causeless unwillingness as answered b4 but it's beyond scope of comprehension.
        The spiritual reality is beyond the scope of comprehension
            although it is relatable cuz it's us only but covered over with conditional reality
            we will strongly adulterate it by mixing our conditional understandings.
        Why jiva can't just get antarmukhi immediately - this switch is gradual like everything else in nature
            Krishna won't give it cheaply (it's not meant to be a child play)
                show that you really want it and you get it.
                Does maya test e1 -
                    it's more like laws of physics and psychology along with internal energy
                    presenting configs and exits in life to write Krishna or choose Krishna - in terms of favorability and willingness.
                    Again there is no wrong answer, only answers which are not best to take you thru evolution towards Krishna like choosing 4 regs breaking.
            That's how everything is supposed to work even in material nature - gradually you increase investment and increased rewards
                you want to proceed further then increase your investment 
                and stop if no further - but you won't do that - that's a separate thing.
                This is what we do through meditation and BJDK practices.
        Why is it not public in nature - why is spiritual progress private 
            cuz that's desirable for SVAF equilibrium of the world.
            Krishna is complete and so is everything that emanates from him
            and so is the process to return to him.
SQ - Bhishma was a vasu but what he made thru his life is exemplary.
    Life is meant to be whatever in terms of framework and choices - these choices make difference.
    of course, as per rule you gotta go back to heaven when you come untimely to earth for a life.
    but his consciousness went way ahead of heavens - that's what makes him mahajan.
SQ - Attitude towards conspiracy theories vs pop
    there are lots of conspiracy theories 
        and some of them could be from social engineers 
        and very few could be genuine as well (basically a real leak)
    See RSP, perspective is very clear avaroh panth is our way and use aaroh wherever appropriate.
        For conspiracy theories support it will only give us a label.
        Similarly, using what's popular can also be done.
    We who have lots of aaroh training also should think rationally to decide everything 
        but ultimately, we do what the essence is - cuz this confusion is characteristic of age of kali.
PIES - In our Ashram parampara we learn ERP from our home tradition and carry it forward.
    All rasas are covered as a part of this lineage or parampara.
    We learn SocialErp, HomeErp and PersonalErp can be thru n sources.
    Friends and complimentary friends take application side of your ashram and also contribute to it.
    Dependents carry forward your lineage.
    Of course, there is some mixing with every stage in parampara
    but that's required in its form as per TPC and internal and external MMN but not substance.
    So, b4 understanding how to forward it, we first need to understand what it is
        not just generic HomeErp but also also specific uniqueness of our ashram (at different scales or granules - personal, home, social)
        with lineage undesirable elements should also be stripped down and desirable elements should be picked.
    This lineage runs very similar to other lineages like for varna and spirituality.
EQ - what personality traits define our home. Make a list of them - are they not same as scriptural good things?
    Not really - first of it's not all of them and it's not each of them in their purity.
    There are gonna be meta discussions at home for what we stand for - in beliefs and values
        and what we would do given different situations based on those values.
    Like belief in decision criteria strongly considering science or aaroh panth or research papers or pop culture or so on.
        what value is this? being rational wrt already done research.
        Yes the research can sometimes mislead 
            but that's the price we are willing to pay for the belief
            some may be close minded to even ack this.
        This could be a quality not stated in scriptures.
    Things are dynamic and not meant to be listed
        eg - emotion vs rational - it depends is the answer.
        But still there are some god values - not each one of them are meant to be listed.
        But this self awareness can be very rewarding in decision making like recruiting a complimentary friend.
        but just awareness of them with a value statement ensures that you achieve your ashram goals.
SCMProd - Paneer waali jalebi.
PIES - Abstract ashram parampara is coming from scriptures only (or self help) but concrete from how we handle some of those principles practically like guest comes.
    similarly abstract varna is also from scriptures or self help.
    master VA - comes from so many sources like college, videos, etc.
SQ - Leap of faith for Krishna - what if it's not as expected.
    I don't wanna invest so much on Krishna - what if it turns out to be imagination or anything less than hopes.
    yes, being avaroh it needs leap of faith. But sensible, verifiable and milestone checkpoints based.
    Also, the stages of yoga are not just on personal front internally
    but also externally growing in personal, home office, social, spiritual realm.
    Even if spiritual realm turns out to be imagination (which it's not), still we have to traverse thru other checkpoints.
    So, have bhoga and seva for person then family then social legacy (now and later).
    KC is best approach and study (BJDK) towards life at all these levels of evolution.
    KC is a chamber dictionary of all the different schools of thought - not just bhakti religions.
    Our problem is only with animalistic ignorant whimsical gratification, we are not against systematic yukta DAKM.
    We are animal without VA - that's the message of vedas. It's not an idea sprung from humans - even if it was Philosophically this is correct.
    And also if it's any consolation, blunt eyes are meant to see few of 5 material elements not even other gross and subtle to speak nothing of spiritual Krishna.
        This is a path of antarmukh - it's not easy or trivial - all yoga practices will help you dive deeper into your own reality and also the supersoul.
    Also, seeing is of no value, cuz we can easily underestimate.
    What we want is evolution of consciousness from gross to supersoul. Or Annamaya to Anandmaya chetana.
    So, application wise, we are meant to become leader in homes and then society in SVAF so persevere for that b4 we make it to godhead.
    This leadership can be as per your varna of interest but you must be a leader in all SVAF.
        social mastery or leadership is preceeded by personal mastery.
        Master phase will create lego blocks and transactional phase will connect them in all possible ways of graph to make sth interested.
        The input for transaction would be all unit capabilities across SVAF.
        Analytics is also a requirement for leadership.
    Leadership in eg, in guidance, in practicality, in completeness, etc.
SQ - NFP - Very Important - learn to call mind as entity separate from you even you energize it - that way you will disown your sanskars and vrittis.
    My mind is urging me to act in MMN but I won't.
    Maya tests in generic way (not sure about specific way) thru internals (MMN in mind to be overcome) and externals (situ and ppl pushing towards some MMN behavior).
    These tests need to be overcome.
    Adding wise moments is easier than removing all unwise moments - so focus on what we can do - COI vs COC.
    For unwise moments, keep and maintain the fight while and aftermath - big data batch and streaming and all previous prayashcits.
    Anartha Nivritti is never a stage we must finish in order to go ahead - it's an ongoing stage which gets weaker over time.
    What I need is not just push myself (although engaging MOP in SVAF is good), but a pull in each SVAF.
    The decision to be a leader (which every KC person is supposed to do on their path of evolution) will ensure that there is a strong pull.
        How it will look concretely is your choice no pressure there.
IQ - Docker, spark, etc are software development companies themselves
    and all the specialized roles are like becoming their customer
    of course, they are leading players in distributed computing or so but not the only ones.
    Getting specialized in these may have its advantages and depths but we can also be a user of these for sth larger than justed intended usage.
CS - Docker
    Docker fits in deployment - in itself it is a full stack application.
    frontend backend workers, DB, env, libs dependencies.
    Any application also has these and and all of these should work across machines.
    This problem maps to shipping problem many years ago - how to transport different goods, different sizes, shape and requirements.
        trucks, packaging, expert labors, medium of carrying.
        App focusses of making app and putting it in a container and that container will be shipped anywhere to different platforms - docker's responsibility.
        This revolutionized shipping industry.
    If it doesn't work in production, it must not have worked during development as well.
    Workflow
        dependencies requirements in dockerfile to create image.
        runtime instance of docker image is docker container and remote repo of docker image in docker hub.
        pull images from docker hub anytime to create docker containers.
    Docker is container platform - virtualization vs containerization.
        Virtualization - Host OS, hypervisor, VMs (Guest OS (Space allotted), Apps)
        Containerization - Host OS[, VM], Container Engine, Containers (lib or bin, Apps)
    Docker is client server architecture
        cmd or REST is client and on server, docker daemon which has all the containers.
        docker daemon and docker client can be on same machine or different hosts.
    Terms - Dockerfile, docker images, docker containers, docker hub or registry, docker client, docker server (daemon), docker engine.
    benefits - simplifies DevOps.
        portability - container made on EC2 - can change it to another.
        isolation - no interference with apps on another container.
        productivity - deployment becomes very fast and efficient.
    Practice - https://labs.play-with-docker.com/
    Pre-requisites - 
        Connect to Linux - If not avaiable then aws free tier.
            Use within limits.
            Create instance - Don't launch but Connect / copy and paste in terminal for ssh.
            docker manuals for more.
        Install Docker
            sudo yum -y update
            sudo yum install -y docker
            type docker - get options.
            docker info - nothing to connect to.
        Start Docker
            sudo service docker start - starts the service.
            optional (to create a user to avoid sudo et) - sudo usermod -a -G docker ec2-user
            docker images - list all images.
            docker ps - for all running containers.
                docker ps -a for all (running or not)
            docker run hello-world - to run a container
                if not available then pulled from remote.
        Stop Docker
            sudo service docker stop
        Uninstall Docker
            sudo yum remove docker.
        get.docker.com and docs.docker for binaries. Installation steps for ec2.
    windows
        use toolbox to install on docker virtual machine.
        ...
PIES - Yoga is life's essence (with DAKM as the medium or driving force) - Life is composed of following phases of yoga evolution.
    About -
        We need to deploy both aaroh and avaroh methods in BJDK to do this.
        yes, we can't wait for the phases but there is a generic focus
        mostly based on current working of society
        Premature acceptance of last stage ignoring former stages can be immature.
        our goal is to perform these stages ourselves and try to assist others in their phases (whether naive or advanced) thru BJDK.
            sb doesn't want to take any assistance is their choice but ensuring availability is our part.
        Love at transcendence is the ultimate essence but quite far off to aspire immediately
            may not even be attractive in initial stages.
            but our eyes should always be to improve on the next neural network layer of yoga in light of final outcome.
        Every yoga phase suffers when the previous one isn't in a standardized and stable shape.
            Eg - after 40, Leadership is necessary for e1 but a must in KC (evam raj rishayo viduh - this knowledge for kings)
            actually others also can do - but it's somewhat risky for formally untrained and hence less refined or immature person
    Till 20 - Personal Yoga
        oneness of body, senses, mind, intel, ego, ourselves.
    Till 40 - Group Yoga (Home Yoga, Business or office Yoga)
        Seva brings oneness.
        even enjoyment is best done as co-enjoyment and not independent enjoyment.
        But group level enjoyments and services (and personal side should be subservient to it)
    Till 60 - Social Yoga
        oneness with society at large.
        Leadership is a must for KC guy - actually others also can do - but it's very risky for immature or a person who has not got formal cultivation.
        Legacy - society contributions thru SVAF - mastery already there, concrete transactional, concrete predictive, concrete prescriptive.
    Till 80 - Spiritual Yoga
        oneness beyond society - with God almighty.
        And if aaroh alone, then realizations and standardizations thru life stories - Life analytics.
        Abstract transactional, exploratory, prescriptive, etc.
        Exploring inner, outer, meta and transcendental world with full enthusiasm.
    Beyond - fine tuning yoga.
SQ - Should we declare dependence on Krishna.
    no, we should declare our independence towards Krishna (in parts to start with)
    first 1 gotta realize we are always dependent on Krishna 
        and that too in big hierarchy of dependence including direct one - origin, maintenance, destruction.
        constitutionally we are directly connected with Krishna
            in origin (part and parcel), maintenance (supersoul by our side), destruction (laws for navigation to next destination)
        But conditionally,
            if origin, we ain't directly coming from him - brahma, sage, huge lineage, etc.
            if maintenance, there are heavenly planets in middle and then earthly masters, etc.
            if destruction, there are different levels of destruction that jiva or bhautik prakriti goes thru.
    second, declaring external dependence simply results in our navigation to MOI of MMN
        this contamination at ego level is highly undesirable.
    So, Should we never depend on Krishna
        no, we can approach him on artharthi platform when sth disrupts our sadhana cuz that's our core.
    Will Krishna take care of my meals or comforts?
        he is already taking care thru agencies
            and we gotta work in VA to access that.
        actually even without VA he will like animals
            but that's not even human platform to expect so.
            and not appropriate for a person willing to evolve.
            no1 should get victimized by MOI in the name of KC even by mistake - vinash eva kalpate.
    this is not to be mistaken with taking shelter
        taking shelter doesn't mean to sit in his camps like a refugee.
        taking shelter or surrender means to do as asked to - like police says surrender doesn't mean sleep but act as I say. iow, to align is to surrender.
        another way to see shelter is being under protection - so KC protects us from maya so practicing KC is taking shelter.
    KC is not the path of taking favors from Krishna but to giving favors to Krishna
        which we can't without his or his tadiya's mercy.
CS
    Every tool - Everything is software only these days - with backend front end and persistence.
        Some tools are clients, some are stand alone tools, some talk to server on same machine or cluster, some just an input to the framework - spark, git, maven, docker, kafka, redis.
            spark is not a server (but SJS is). Spark submit command tool - run thru ssh or whatever.
                spark submit process reads the jar (uber) and with scala runtime executes things itself.
                for spark context or session instructions
                creates a new job (jvm) on a worker node which creates its tasks jvm processes on other nodes.
                taking help from the yarn and hdfs all the while for space and heartbeat considerations
                    which in turn uses zookeeper for cluster management.
            kafka is server client like DBs - does it have a front end - for DBs there are many 3rd party front ends.
            Docker has a client on the same machine as server - on linux machine like EC2.
                docker remote or repo server also exists like git, maven.
            Jmeter a tool not a server.
            Jenkins a build tool but ?not a server again - it's a tree of commands to be executed and tested against.
            CF is client server with front end for server as well.
        ssh tunneling to access server - what it means in CS terms - at low level.
        By specializing in a tool, we go away from our core software development line and work in specialized sector of an already built application from a company.
        Working using only ML or spark libraries is like mostly working on business or managerial side of things instead of technical. And all software technicalities are below that layer.
    tomcat is a program binary which starts a process with port listening making it a server called web server.
        It has a jar inside its container whose classes are called after reading web.xml thru reflection APIs.
        thus, tomcat is also a framework.
        without tomcat we would have to write socket programming along with threading for get and post endpoints concretely with hard coding.
        struts takes j2e with further standardizations of resource to application class mapping in a file.
        spring is one of the best frameworks with web server support till now.
    Application servers like for X4 for BYD encountered is misnomer.
        actually they are application framework layers in the system and application architecture
        all organized to form a beautiful masterpiece.
        actually it's a metadata framework and many hierarchy of frameworks may be possible.
        X4 metadata framework or platform and Foundation or BC frameworks.
        Many frameworks in the ecosystem - listed but not organized here 
            UI front end Framework, UI back end framework, background jobs frameworks,
            PI framework, MDRO framework, OLAP framework, OLAP graph frameworks.
            UI ECO mapping frameworks, BO Frameworks (BOPF, ESF2, Handcoded)
            Functional area frameworks (like PDF)
PIES - my group yoga phase has been done with full devotion
    whether my college, company projects, team members, flat mates or family.
    I have done devotion with full sincerity - giving TME extra.
    My next path is to be architect - clear companies with expected neat and classy architectures.
        All the preparation should also assist you in your architectural growth along CS life.
        Like Full stack funtional details, DSA, Non functional aspects making you an artist,
            System design, application design, Different tools integration and extensions.
            Smartness aspects (algo, approximation algos, AI, ML and its applications, Distributed Computing)
    In Ashram as per group yoga phase, I gotta be a leader and be an ardent contributor at home.
        If I have a wife, then even cooking works, also can be contributed 
        but these days such service attitude is a rare commodity.
Sume - GreyScale AI
    How many team members for the technical team or my kind of work.
    Who is funding this product.
    I didn't like the slave mentality attitude.
        which is typical of startups.
    6 month experience and then change. Or propose to do freelance for them.
Sume - Samsung - Laptop dispatch.
    WFH scene. Online onboarding.
PIES - For decision making - criteria - 1 with the group OR I am the group.
    Which statement gives you most grats and sense of service at higher layer.
    being 1 with the purpose and 1 with people, 1 wrt shared rewards.
    fully qualified to be one with - deserve.
    Full desire to be one with - desire.
    what is your acceptance criteria for being 1 with society or group.
        in your full capacity - you represent that and you are that.
    there is also balance of oneness - I have to balance oneness with one group along with that with another.
    You can help the group, understand what they are doing and help them only when you are exquisite in your own personal yoga at SVAF.
    If personal yoga ain't very strong then group yoga becomes difficult.
        If group yoga ain't very strong, social yoga becomes difficult.
    Evolution KY means eventually you want success of the group not just yourself.
        still further you will want progress and success of the society you are a part of, at different grains.
        eventually you will want success, progress and grats of spiritual self or super self or God.
        evolution in KY is not narrowing grats but broadening them till the highest 
        and in the proces, it has a bearing on reducing personal SG but far accelerating happiness or bliss.
    That oneness target will become your identity - Like I am SAP, I am Siemens. I am Samsung, Paytm or Greyscale AI.
        or I am Devgun (and btw, Bhaturia also).
    This oneness in purpose is advocated by your interests to start with 
        higher layer's interests needs and concerns coupled with your personal interests of intellectual gratification
        Priority is to be seen - higher layer or addressing personal needs or interests.
        Grow in bhoga and grow in seva - both together address thru grow in yoga.
        How? grow in bhoga - not just in quantity or quality but the richness thru group yoga and so on.
        grow in seva - not just personal seva in quantity and quality or group seva but growing henceforth.
        which yoga stage the lower stage is assumed and already standardized. Like for social yoga, your group yoga is already good, that's understood.
        In general seeing a variety of persons, groups, societies is a good training.
    for every decision yes proximity for end result is the basis but this AI evaluation is itself a problem to solve.
        consider all the factors along all the dimensions.
        How can I maximize my gratifications wrt to group and also seva wrt group - that's what makes group yoga.
        For varna I am talking intellectual grats and seva - grats is oneself wrt to layer and seva is oneself wrt higher layer.
SQ - whether aaroh or avaroh, every has to have a reference.
    if no reference is quoted, then it is meant to be seen as your understanding - given the premise of all your aaroh and avaroh cultivations.
    best is to quote whenever possible - but only quotations also ain't enough - the presentation still has to be a narrative.
    Be open to course correction if your understanding needs to be updated.
