Story - Police chalan by choice. Don't confess story. Show hardcopy to save time convincing over soft copy.
Scrum - Playtime amusement hour. DSausmi - DS - dude Singham.
Story - awareness eg by Kritika - papa ki gaadi aage hai. Chaabi aur dabba unke paas hai.
EQData - Headaches on touch or display off screen no proper eye contact avoidance. All point in the direction that she was already uninterested. Of course, I didn't deflect the pre existing interest but good for me. Eye drops problem. We arranged for her. Glass thrown in street.
Story - Hitch hiked truck for board exam. The factory of her mamu.
Story - Jacuzzi in Goa for first time. Morning darshan beach in mahabalipuram. Stone carvings. Petrol finished and heavy raining and bulls and tracks lost, less street lights. Balle balle hare krishna cd drive dys course, online hare krishna, bhangra in jagannath puri, reprimanded next year and I thought they didn't understand devotion really. Bole to….hari bol. Drama on kailash and friends when 7 becomes a devotee. With me it's always been how to make it special. Gratitude for milk providers in hostel but anger once in a while. Dogs fear overcome to go to voice, travel to dangerous basti area. Support from gangster after hearing my surname. Once taking me ahead then dropped me ahead. Searching for room for rent - good exposure. Collection of nptel lectures - myself and in trips - gave me research foundation. Some thought i was misusing ds for gain but artharthi platform ain't bad after all. Mayapur rsp angry over yudhishthir mistake escalation. Prasad from HH jpsm. Darshan runs and narsimhadev darshan. Enamored by grandeur. Mp run. Gurukul vs jet age gurukul. Getting mahaprasad mala from head pujaris. Pune - we don't cook as employees but as service. So delicious and an enemy who firoti choked on his chicken - their simple devotion. I urged they abondon me - they didn't. All preachers really have been bhurida janah. Walks to temple - starting of recordings and XML for learning, books and web reading, new smartphone. Walks while teaching and also afterwards - but something interesting was happening at that time. Morning evening runs. Counselor meetings added 4 moons. Food distribution seva always in kc even then. Disrespectful pinches were good, pain of being a bad eg - places where shoe really pinched. Even in college with anartha expressions. Top stated form and substance. Relp became better in Pune. Swapped with chandigarh - when a lady asked for it. Tasty foods. Swag of jokes. Good relationships but no fb why - do it. Notes and books and pure love for cs which resurfaced at pune when ssc tier 2 exams and I asked what I truly wanted dsa and all I said. Mumbai visits, dragged outside for my station. Mild burns from Devs. Couldn't go to nearby place by auto cuz of bad experience being heart broken that I would stay with Devs. But good for va growth. Said would wait outside the gate. Even at pune if I didn't get accomodation. My story is very rich. Let's close eyes and remember all details of every place to recollect more stories. Cycle lifted for veg purchases. Bargain flower stories - i got render variegated services with many anecdotes everywhere. Things have culminated like dag in my life like sanskrit interest later for kc, career pain for career success grit sincerity and even content, etc. Horse ride in Gulmarg, rope knots for mountaineering.
EQ - Papa life trace - pinch of Varanasi banaras and that of concepts not clear. Train directory can't be read.
Story - Primary school steppu, land acquired game, maram pitty, gilli danda, slap for no flower, paper straightening, maps filled, right angle, Chittaurgarh, slap gesture me, my secondary school projects. Bg study in park in jsr, rain meditation in jsr from voice and just getting wet once.- singing raag for varsha. Audio records for poems. Taken by friend to hospital and vv - Praveen Pr, cosmic pr, jumping the gate for night sleep. Scolding owner's son for cycle. Cooking sweet roasted thekua for counseling, books mgmt, cylinder seva at different places, etc. Remember first 5 digits, counting number from length, no effect of blasphemy. School class bunks for football, for skits drama. Gym in evening after school opened by a teacher. Badminton with him funny guy. Volleyball in SAP.
CS - HomeErp - Router home - 192.168.1.1 - password admin / 34E3804757F0. Written on the back of router. Study this web interface for configuration of ur router.
EQ - networking ways - transactional like project, roaming, dining, chatting, adventures; master based - brainstorm on anything common between people, configurational - client server for ur life standards or utils like car, analytics based - explorations, deep dives, etc with experts of anything or among experts with intent to arrive at conclusions. Even content is also likewise of these 4 types only like these bases of networking but it's different flavour. The contents are decorated by emotions of 12 rasas.
Lapse - at different levels - existence of beggars in streets and intoxicated people is lapse in social erp. Not liking politics is lapse at personal erp. Similarly others and we should identify them, feel humble and work to minimise that lapse with policies in framework but if course one can escape still but framework should be so strong that it's difficult to resist. Sth like va in material world.
Polity - art of sycophancy - not visible but good impression like compliment for looks or clothes so natural to have bias. Even praise from students to teacher what does that do!? No blind yes man - tactical and if disapproval then yes after 10 statements and maybe raise a concern once in a while.
Polity - my lack of tolerance for Polity but I still bought her stuffs. Tried talking like dog, settling her even when I was not wrong, tolerate, not me but others thru their experience, coincided with my experience and so vast gamut of experience that there's no question of guilt but it's still lapse at personal ERP level. If she was interested in another man already, I didn't prove to be a better competitor so gotta do some homework.
Movie - Planet earth - talents, esmd, struggles, strategies, why so adapted and get to survive. Sharp ears, no movement, etc. Power of strength bulls, power of strength, power of instruments lion, power of strategic attacks and never give up.
	Art of ghosla making, how to impress gender, stamina, showy, hide and seek then rewards. Intel - grass can't be fed but fungus can be do associative relp. Precision to attack underground rat, rat balaces on weak stems, learning strength and limitations of legs that will carry them miles. Weakest, separated, faster, stamina. Kaziranga National park with most fatalities. Techs for close view, 
Story - Cat on table in iiitb. Nandi hills free fall people taking risk and I jogged there. Caves also. Also in Panchavati. Ear problem, monkey at gadadhar pandits place.
Movie - Planet earth - monkey's bachelor's gang up o against alpha monkey and he has to save his children and female. Cities less competition so reproduction but finding niche problem - ppl feed so time for play available. Benefits of buildings so push to open then attack pigeon - eagle aerial battle - how good. Langur jumping talents - parcour. Leopards creep into cities and attack humans but primarily attack hogs children - easy killls but fear. Pegions lack of fear made them thrive but also vulnerable to catfish introduced few years back. Turtles newborns following light to ocean b4 but now 80% end up going to cities and dying in gutter or predators planned accordingly, or crushed under cars. Hyenas - few befriended them - whistle to call them and feed by hand. Butchers do it everytime. Bird's nest making in city life - not a small talent.
Story - dev attack and I held him from behind. Story of beating police in kolkata. Forced to buy fruits which I had rejected earlier. Autos curtailing on prices. Saturday feasts. Talking throughout night and missing mp next day. Story of meeting Ankush pr and visiting him. Story of meeting lakshya pr parents. Meeting it bhu waale pr and said living for them and leaving for them is all he said after meeting. Vridancandra darshan after services and deep satisfaction. Profuse caranamrita after janmashtami fast. Vomit 1 day. Sanskrit preacher and balgovind pr. CCP lecs at Infy and ktp talks about what's slow and hanumanji - loved his presentation. Smartphone internet started with mild probs also. Pradhanmantri episodes, yoga and running. Tormented walks after vit lecs. Walks to temple fortune. Jain temple seminar before and after - shatrunjay temple. Google Maps started that time with internet. Desire to break regs once again - just to express anger. Desire for cs life sprouted also ssc. Cylinder at Infy, running near Infy with dys lecs in park. Saw building devps with ellipse maths and desire for social studies. Jiravan with mp dev and slaughter vids desire to not watch.
Story - Vasabi sauce nose opener. Swimming talks, fights in primary school, bad guy who ridiculed thru lousy ball which I hit and he got chastisement. Swing in 12th class guy. Manish sir stunt. Fillers in school - very famous.
Story - Ropar court - agreement that no interference later and exchanges to take place.
Story - Expenditure included so not shocked cuz we knew they were cheap. Okhal mein sar diya to moosal se kya darna. 50% of wedding first of all - all expenses - tell me like what. Judge claims that you ain't doing it under any pressure - will say what we said then that you are rolling back and we are ok with it. Jaldi do the lawyer - costs 20k - for 10 mins? Yes will check it from our end. You know it all like son - we never had to go thru this field ever in life, you put us on this field. Shagan and dresses - not even touched, take them away with you. Must have discussed at home - we don't; there are other important things worth thinking. You said you would sign immediately - and I still say that but at least bring the papers.
SocialErp - Amritsar food - Paanch paani puri, bheega kulcha, Papad, vadi, rice basmati, desi ghee, patisa, daal waala laddu, etc.
SocialErp - different glass buildings - software company buildings that I have worked in. Car ride to office during shift work. Astronomy at Infy. Not accepting room at Infy. Toilet stopping at udhampur, ladies in early days. Food courts for a reason and Id cards recharged with amount per day + money payable for more. Mama - pathankot students copying mama so proud. Gestures of students meeting in mall and bowing with respect. Madam you used to make us write application and find mistakes to rewrite as a result I became army officer. 
EQ - Investment on networking returned but what really helped was a talented capable person with whom I had friendly relations. 3 levels of networking - ally (info exchanges and vendor or customer), friend (share, together with commonalities - centers of attraction), intimate (5 rasas, open book).
Story - thank god that they found the person who owned the car. Towing in worst case but why brute force. Resilience and understanding grows thru such incidents. Uric acid problem, broken Gitte, ringworms, ghosted udhampur, asr 7 km walks. Falling for Nigeria email.
SQ - Karma needs apt apparatus of all conditions being met and substratum being right so why will Transcendence miss the chance.
Story - RSP saying about me he is my old friend. Give gift of laddu to cleanest kurta - I gave it to him. Drama like fools. My compulsive trip to place where Nityananda gave mercy to Raghunath DG. Bhakti caru swami - I interacted again like fools - how are you, young man - maharaj please take prasadam. Chakk de phatte in puri, stopped the next year, bole to hari bol. Internet Govindam adi purushan. Walks with gopal Krishna Goswami. Morning temple class (travel by brahmachari car) b4 afternoon shift but saw va as liability not a fortune.
Story - sd Nagpal sir - we know how to use money. Spending on students and teachers not like other principals stealing your even locks. Thursday prasad, ambals, campus festivals like yajna, etc. Cctv footages preserved - mn singh sit papers lost - 2 staff's girls had sneaked in - mama gave the idea. Project marks. Patnitop trips, movies at Chinar, etc. The ear ache of student incident. Mama escorting me to cbse exams - he very considerate when mama had to travel to asr. The best principal - fillers in his time. My director - tractor like car assembly by studs. Voip assignment - didn't do cuz of mop or moi. Sine die - talking to him on cycle which he didn't like. Got blessings from him later.
Story - Kgp delayed got down from train. Vivekananda books and fight, sleeping on station for night on chair and even on raised sheets, sitting with all and dancing and feasts. Catching running train. Ffl everywhere. Milk consumption at kgp - ghee, dancing whole hearted. Urged to join kgp camp which I did.
Communication - Eb gotta go but it pains. Precautions of covid. May he RIP and God gives you strength. You are responsible sturdiness estimated in trouble and maintains discipline you deserve. When is kiraya. You are pillar of family. All resp on me. Age, leaving e1 well settled is different thing. You have tried your best, else more prob. Gangajal, tulsi also.
Story - syami extending outta company for sake of satveer when sister got accident. Child left when principal ditched the promise to keep child for the nightm mama rushed to udhampur - got in good books - responsibility. Yam niyam for personal erp.
SocialErp - traffic police, news, Amritsar famous, your car flaws and solutions, narrative forming - I am important and good books of master - never complaint from me. Songs. Marketing - any time you need to book a sleeper, news impacts in lives and beliefs like marriage wastage getting avoided by lockdown - all chhochha avoided and loans repayment. Safar da pataa nahi chalda with good songs. Road stimuli - tea - regular famous, story or experience reminder, scientific explanation - why dhuan here or fog and predictors for regular discussion. Drivers behavior - why he won't give way, tell me. Nau gaja peer baba. Sukhdev mera maruthal breakfast with paratha. Pahalwan dhaba - paneer bread pakoda. Interference in discussions - quick revenge nth in heart - ability to divert group dynamics to form a narrative with groupism - he asks me about food like child - you are like child - pakoda dig gya na chakki; you give to him like child.
Polity - favor small and then want a gift for it. Chaldi machine so Changing tyres with Jack and so many suggestions, no food consumed cuz contracts. Status update - plz sleep don't wait. IMS ghaziabad.
Lapse - told eth to roommate about car and then turns out then he ain't there so information shared with no advantage - solution is first check if 7 can help and then share as much as is necessary - share more when asked about or if needed.
Story - call from Bharadwaj - status update - I am outta station - but status - will talk after coming back.
Story - My published materials in school diary. Theses - gave his own to teacher - brain sleeps and doesn't respond. Fake laughters with friends. No happiness and no distress in any event cuz stone like head  Chandigarh mains exam - mama's mamaji said use simple language for poems. MSc and PhD all by himself without any external guidance. 1 man army - no hint from guide - all by yourself. Jeevan Mehta very exanplary - PhD then mbbs then md thru me on fb - very well off with fruit gardens in HP and bro being director, married to mbbs during PhD. Another friend - did he ever mention me - no - mujhe pehle hi shak tha paapi te.
SocialErp - West mentality - 60s retired, live as long as life air - be the prof. Bridge made with 50 yrs perspective. Repair told to Indians.
EQ - uncat - Hijre at Tata muri - won't give them money in coins. Frinds bad experience - 4 km long waiting line at Kolkata for toll. Best cars. Karnall Karma's birthplace. Estimating a person by how he responds when you talk about high range cars. Toyota handaan vaste - crysta, front wheels power, hind are free, wobble on road. Earning havelis. Low range vich swift, baleno, Hyundai, honda; corolla high end vich, creta vi, indica and indigo ditches you in a year, amaze so light that wobbles after 110. Swift is heavy.
SocialErp - Bypass 1st hand air experience, 8 lane road.
PersonalErp - experience in life matters - money ain't carried to next. Even decisions that I regret means that I valued relp - that proof.
Story - But girls like it - when it's by your choice.
SocialErp - You have a car - let driver serve thru uber and it's a business track.
Story - Found on fb that blocked. First hand politics of home.
SocialErp - Dhaba business profitable cuz tourists near Ghaziabad. 
Story - Google Maps road blocked so gotta decide left or right - changing maps veredict - I will tell you. 
HomeErp - Tracking petrol while driving is important.
IQ - Starting a new project - How old is this product and where idea came and what's business model, etc.
Story - Papa told Mama prediction and Nanaji curious how he did it - I knew she was going to go away - how? Mausi - papa told nanaji the reason - 1K men can live together but not 2 women.
Movie - dunkirk - used as soldier in chess - you hitting ship may give some satisfaction or may give transcendental pleasure of winning side but you are being used.
	If you are being chased some target will hit so in air flight you gotta face and target from your side also.
	It's gaming for them with real results.
LIB - Introduce yourself.
	>3 years at SAP with BYD and interactions.
	B4 this, I have had a little bit experience with Big Data technologies.
	I am excited to work with team and hope it will be mutually rewarding.
LIB - Graphana, Spring, UI5, Kafka, Cassandra, Spark, S3, etc.
	PySpark, SparkStreaming on Udemy.
LIB - Scrum - 
	need to dig deep - let's check this after scrum.
	updates on dod - Internal BCP also. Handover from last - Azure live jobs working fine. That's failing can you look into this - hari will, can you. sure.
	Any update, blocker.
Manager - weekly open house discussions on things that concern anybody. All Hands. Sessions for doubts clarification. Go Gemba with developers.
BYD - Transport Tracert - From source to target system - what's the status of TRs.
IDEA - whenever a new mail comes, trigger a job to add new links to the favorites. Or Batch job for this.
LIB - Load coming from internal demo purpose but cluster not closed.
Amusement - Country Land winning game. Maaram Pitti, Gilli Danda, Kache, Chungi, Kho kho, kabaddi (primary school victory), run away; Business Game seen but not played.
LIB - Important
	Enduser landscape set-up information 	https://help.sap.com/viewer/195126f4601945cba0886cbbcbf3d364/2004b/en-US/bf128e1333534c04a1cfa18ae548e2b9.html 
	SAP Leonardo IoT - https://help.sap.com/viewer/fffd6ca18e374c2e80688dab5c31527f/2005b/en-US/3c61bd1bedc4473fbd952e92b5e7cf8d.html?q=Leonardo%20IoT
SocialErp - New car fast speed good for mileage.
Story - Komal Sharma
	Business is wrong word. such words don't sound good. sorry. Ppl ain't worthy - it's not debit, credit.
	I don't go by public opinions - high rated IMDB or flop movie - It is possible that I would like it.
	Impress need. Normal girl I am. Regular family accomodate insecurity. 
	Beti or bahu - investment in relp. 
	I open up my fears and expectations. 
	Her work trace. Can cook. Gotta work.
	Religion not very expressive. Gotta do like temple we bow even when not natural. Truth - practically?
	Hurting 7 - like clothes then in personal space. 
		Mama very particular.
	Bridge gaps - and willingness to bridge it 
	coming leaving eth so u gotta accomodate.
	Not a soulmate believer anymore.
	Why not love marriage - cuz don't believe vs never found.
		Not attracted - well e1 is; perhaps cuz spiritual and won't hurt and filters - telling to expose my mentality.
	Pub - accept vs cherish for friends.
	Not late, not shopper person.
	Some guru - no diksha but idolize - satsang - others shouldn't tell my decision - no, concepts.
	Tell me about your family - It's about me, you, us - it's us so agreement nothing utopian and smiles for explanations.
	Tired! You drove? Driver was needed else only 1 way. 
	No home politics 
	home or work - it's like eat or exercise - both and balance - 1 platform of stability for the other. 
	What do you do with free time - movies, songs, games - movies.
	Greatest fear from myself - to say no even in love marriage - using 7 for mileage - no obligation.
	You ain't marrying outta obligation that e1 gotta, right? Genuine fears.
	Startup for ERP - customer and medical customer, address them - ui not liked. 
	Bahut zyada emotional hun. Don't stop me mother has problem - earlier I only tested thru love but Bangalore - yes doable. Discuss not abscond. Tough questions but ideas given.
	God emotion is love for my family. Friend to intimate. City distance wrt court.
	Say sorry when feel like it - emotions driven. I don't go by stats of love marriage and arranged marriage but intuitions of some 4 people around that's very biased but stats can be fabricated.
	Not hurt other meaning for you - Wear clothes separately that's not pleasing.
	You think utopian & I think practical.
	CPWD in govt retired - that's civil works from govt behalf.
	Important realization - Be a skeptic unless proven otherwise - give them chance and discussions to do that - Reinforce wrong as normal while selection but while accepting, be skeptic to there being anything wrong and always give benefit of doubt.
	Discussion with didi - 
		not picking call or bad excuses - so be ashwast. Not buj. Means she tells lies. Lives like wanna when she says feel driven.
		Life is not a Business. Mind gets limited by your weakest link. Pub. jitna similar or reqd background, the better. I will change the other person doesn't work.
		logon ke roop badalte hain. Jaise kuchh feminist log kahenge - means she is not the one. There's variety of ppl. Not spend thrift. Use the man for forwarding the money.
SocialErp - Exits for city first hand experience - dkom gotta charge my phone and also enjoy - stolen bottle gift - empty handed I was so didn't mind - stopped one not other.
Story - Telling to mirrors I promise you in passion. I really love you no matter what and tears come out. I don't deserve this.
Story - Spared 1 day b4 project cuz can't do injustice with work.
SocialErp - Chandigarh road discipline. 
SocialErp - Every business has investors, implementers who had idea - who earns the most - investors, then shareholders, then salaried - in turn managers and doers. 
	Eg - havelis, investors are believers and betting ppl - on the business model or proposal or value added in there. 
SocialErp - Corruption in corona time - 100 Rs per person to pass thru from bihar into Punjab and vv. 
Story - Achievement - 1 day to ghaziabad and back. 
SocialErp - Fog cuz of byas river. Snow driving experience - less air and first gear and no brake or acceleration else slippery. How far have you gone as driver - Farther also and high contacts cuz only one who earns can spend on car trip.
SocialErp - Power of time - shops doomed that came under flyover - although earned like a lot. 
Story - She used to bitch about e1 she met; probs with this person and that. Interference from her parents was always there.
SocialErp - Travel Trace
	Trace of the route
		Amritsar
			Byas
			Jalandhar
			Phagwara
			Goraya, Phillaur
		Ludhiana
			Doraha, Khanna, Sirhind
		Sahizada Ajit Singh Nagar of Chandigarh
			Rajpura, Ambala, Shahbad
		Kurukshetra
		Karnal, Gharaunda
		Panipat, Samalkha
		Sonipat
		Bypass Delhi to reach Ghaziabad
	Trace of earlier route - Districts - 
		ASR
			Jandiala, Rayya, Byas, Kartarpur
		Jalandhara, Phagwara
			Banga, Garhshankar
		Nangal
Polity - Keeping or sticking with your narrative - change the story to suit yourself.
	twadi dekhrekh cha hi hai - victimize 7 with reason.
	Watering in night - done - do you ever come that early.
IQ - years at a project - Ceiling 0.5 means Dissatisfaction; 1 means Ok; 1.5 means acceptable; 2 means expected; >= 2 Thankful.
Story IQ - Grateful that SAP growth was very organic
	Coming from background of Siemens so adept at technically seeing eth - properties file, git, framework exploration, etc. All knowledge of master getting leveraged. Tech Smartness made clear.
	First project introduced all the concepts without tech jargon so got to focus on concepts and architecture and funtional knowledge that matter. Joined with freshers so mindset becomes proper and aggressive. Seen as newbie so eth is told by excellent team. Exhaustive knowledge with backwards compatibility in every way - legacy systems - how things have changed and evolved even locking from file lock to GIT.
	BYD to NSME was systematic - Functional knowledge kept intact and technologies changed with their full beauty so that LIB beauty is observable. It's a challenge of veni vidi vici so gotta give our best for self esteem. Tech exposure while maintaining the exhaustive knowledge.
	already git, big data is known and deployment etc so this project is becomes relatable and attention can be given to new things like Ops. That too joining with similar colleagues becomes relatable.
IQ - with passage of time you are supposed to know the essence of technologies and hence rise to more abstract responsibilities like architect 
	and they are more rewarding in terms of money and subtle achievement. 
	So while in a project focus only on learning and growing. 
	In giants, in higher roles you are as good as owning a product or having a business yourself with backing or investment from management thus you get a huge share of money and don't have to worry about growing a business ground up.
HomeErp - table cloth used on bed. Taking trunk down from parchhatti - first empty the items and then bring trunk down - good use of physics.
	Fights - all of us have shortcomings but we gotta accept each other for what we are in spite of our shortcomings.
HomeErp - Baingan cutlet. Vadi wala ghiya. Kofta, parotha of made sabji like daal, carrot, gobhi, etc.
Story - List bhejoge taan pataa lagega. Let's finish this off with gifts and then sign to finish it off - what are we after. No mukadma - happening with razamandi. 20k standing is what logic - I ask you to give 20k to 7. We gotta think right - avoid such troubles. Kar lo guruji - wherever sign reqd and finish it off. Why shall we take lawyer's number! It's simple deal - you want you keep but we just sign with witnesses - that's all. I am looking for your profit only. I ain't fighting with you. I was outta station - tiresomeness afterwards. Mere bibe veer sun lo - I will sign wherever you ask. You didn't check - I was not here so...the thing is you don't listen to what I said. Bargain with him. If he says 30, what would you do at least some fixed rate. I won't talk - just suggesting to you.
HomeErp - Art of guest reception or being a guest - pre, during, post - cleanliness, food arrangement - snacks, beverages and meals or raw material, possible needs well thought and arranged (social awareness for emergency situ), prepare for key purpose of arrival. During reception - welcome, ask about journey, seating config, snacks, ask about journey and then their and related ppl health (wrt weather, etc) or config. General discussions to break the ice during snacks. Offer rest or fulfill the purpose of arrival. Another discussion session with intent to wind up. Kind words for thanking arrival and invitation for more. Arrange for their departure logistics like information, meals for the way, etc. Post - cleanup and reinstate home, reflections and retrospect for the story and future planning. Being a guest - you are 'exit space' in their framework - understand config for how your needs are met like every application consuming the framework does - ie learn facilities and their completeness. Help transition if needed and excuse yourself with kindness when gotta go. What to do when like manager they bust your excuses - little convincing or addition or do it anyways cuz they are transgressing their boundary of control. Next, Serving guest with a stay - have a dynamically adaptable or statically confirmed program set for them. Serving a new member - introduce ppl, home, culture, induction fun and needful program.
SQ - special mercy is when mercy isn't the best case. It's mercy when fulfillment of your vision (which is formed outta worldly awareness and your best bet) is granted. But in some cases, this is denied so as to put you in state for greater evolution than your original vision. Of course, corollary benefit of your attachments getting questioned brings you spiritual evolution but hankering denied can be risky if contemplation continues, it's a pressure cooker then.
Story - Nitesh Bharadwaj - adhaar card photocopy justified cuz command given to him. Abstract our case and think of FOE - in general, avoid it but be aware of all possibilities. Political sharpness that no mention of exchanges cuz you said that once - only the other plans.
Discussion - dinner done, ur name, pet name - ruby, Mohini, you didn't come, will plan, what you do, tell me about saurabh he stays busy what he does - transactional, tell me about urself which city u do job here. Met her. Her qualities - shy, love for family, intel, etc. Agre ka petha, aerial business no pharmacy actually. Ghaziabad 5th class child age 9 daughter and twins 3 years old. Shadi pe ana hai agra, etc. Priorities clear that time to her though new project now and she praising - oh, she was silent well so is the moment. Uncle kaise hain.
Story - car battery drained listening music. Battery drained while in emergency - 1 day cylinder return and maps deceiving. Bus misinformation by maps. Buying in mall while not prepared for her shopping - parallelly phone receiving when gmail deceiving with other phone - gotta pay with other's Google pay. Story - locked inside room in vit pune and in iiitb.
Communication - transactional log what all happened and dig into - went to bihar, news explore, transactional present - when to reach, possibilities - what all I did, what all needs to be done for work continuum - ind plates, tyres, car on rent for money, etc.
HomeErp - mi home automation.
Story - banga sarkar took shop areas like Papa's chacha farms took gndu land - do court cases again if money not worth it but land they take when they want. Like jnk bought from Britain after their victory from ranjeet singh. Banga, gadshankar - all outside settled and kothis handled by bhaiyas.
Story - babe da dhaba - radhaswami de devotee - quality parotha alu gobhi, dal fry, asked for more money verbally - but with Bill it costed 60 rs less - see the anarthas. Clarity of no double payment. Verka and amul Butter.
Story - Ropar courts - No soap, bad toilet, no water so always precondition check - like old days, mud or ash cleanses, and sanitizer due to covid phase so solved. See govt offices conditions.
SocialErp - Advocate is power of attorney to fight or put a case on our behalf - many allotted rooms outside the court - so it's a market to choose from. The filed case is notarized with 100 Rs to make docs official and then judge gives veredict based on constitutional principles. FIR with police or hospitals are just documental evidences for the court to understand the case better - verbal claims vs govt official documents. Recall that rent agreement is notarized to make it a govt officially recognised document. Adhaar card, mutual agreements, petition to the court to be filed. Why they came to our advocate - no, it was their advocate doing things that Varun also had to do. Advocates keep clerks for doing paper work so that they can focus on the case - capturing details. Clerk cleanses the office also - assistant basically - go get notarized in queue etc. Taking statements if can't be solved that day. Advocates still on files and pen paper to capture details and track records so opportunity to automate them for fastness. Not public but anonymized - gotta disclose when visa making with certs. Judges switch so don't know who hears and hence can't tell in advance what veredict to expect. Online hearing? Not with this - in person hearing. Can switch districts on reasons like covid situ. People faked marriages only for purposes of emigration so they know how to play with law. Visa if you reveal. All kagazi karrvahi - ways out - no registration so let's fake the date to make another cert. Cert so that emigration etc. Anonymous for even vakeel. Saanjh kendar for docs making, all officials. Dc - deputy commissioner, sdm - sub district magistrate all coincidentally there - all ias.
SocialErp - Marital agreement - wiifm - protection in exchange of charm, sponsor for my fun, etc. Names are important - who's fighting on ur behalf - omg! He's mr x vs mr y. This is worldly awareness which is very important from transactional perspective - "so where are we", and questions relating master data who, when, analytics, configs - where can I find him, etc. Food photostat, etc. Never show your weakness in terms of likes dislikes in front of especially haters or enemies - they can then take its advantage - we don't mind coming here again and again - let it continue. They charged money for their filing petition - I should question that it's not over right. Don't behave in naive way. Weakness of inability to give burns - whether in jokes or seriously. Live life like there's nothing metaphysical but introspect and realise if there was anything more. Villain from spiritual perspective but from material perspective, you were supposed to know that short tempered powerful people are not to be messed with - like you know wrestler, then why even pat him side - small mistake but huge reaction - spiritually degraded for sure. Another thing is getting crushed under 7's narrative - like wrestler had to subdue 7 to make a point.  Like Walter wight killing assistant cuz he unknowingly threatens his social position. In such situ, exception handling is the rescue.
PIES - Alone I can reach my happiness at all layers but with relp, allies and networking, I can increase my happiness at respective layers and minimize my challenges in grats - with sap partnership, I can increase my intellectual grats and also ego grats and with helping ppl, small challenges are overcome to a staggering returns. Similar is the case with marriage, friendship, family and what not.
PersonalErp - Leader is the fastest person, guide, quality assurer, best idea giver, etc. A lie or hidden truth can find its ways of getting detected eg Nangal so gotta live from heart. What do u think is better approach.
Story - Weakness of heart that you won't reveal what you should, to the person when there are signals from trans. It will escalate for sure but to not reveal lest it hurts parents, well you are still hurting 1 person really bad. You may make wrong decision using any excuse that family said it but you would be still wrong and unethical. Trans telling this thru courts, thru siblings, thru inside which you can ignore or put more weights on other practical side of args. You do what you feel good about - cuz in any case you bear full responsibility for your decisions. That you did it to please somebody is similar to karna, or Valmiki b4 purification. Practically also it's a burdened life with fear of exposure with high penalty on failure and good probability of exposure. It's constant postponement of problem with worldly emotions of fear, lamentations governing the show.
PersonalErp - Given the premise that a person is very simple, you ask a covert question and expect a covert response, then you are a fool, not the simple person.
HomeErp - how to change track on car cd - explore attitude cuz song ain't good. Date made 2019 to make it work.
SocialErp - Legal documents - pandit certificate has no legal value - only a proof for legal document - even notarised ain't legal until submitted to courts. So married from legal perspective - no, so date could be manipulated so it's psycho to file divorce without marriage. Ppl do marriage for getting visa and divorce the next day - getting freedom to go out on spouse grounds or country legal system. Registration for marriage while divorce hearings for another going on.
PersonalErp - gotta do what we gotta do - go meet Chandigarh after Ropar hearing - boring without it - such a charm it brought. Yes driver won't like it at agreed rate so tell him that we will pay more - no matter what, it's worth it to customize a service. Talk to police like bold man, if fearful that's sign that domination is welcomed. Parchi for gamcha instead of mask - convince else then do it fast, we don't have so much time. He let go outta fear. He has Valmiki backing.
Story - stopped at laddi da vaishno dhaba on way to byas - chatni reminded of udhampur.
SocialErp - legal intelligence if not registering marriage and not telling adversaries your inside information even after it's over.
SQ - nature is constantly speaking to us but audible to only a calm mind and it's not "fulfillment of wants" based but reaching the needs based - and reaching the needs can be a DAG of any length - even 1 edge on that DAG isn't arbitrary but has guidance - in the very least about working of world and jivas are doers to some degree, importance of material realm in terms of laws - must align, existence of worldly elements as response to material nature, every edge is a story - spiritual world is infinitely powerful story pack - every edge of worldly experience is a spiritual story also.
SocialErp - selling stars in exchange of cashback on Amazon. Using uber to get customer then cancellation of trip but customer served.
Story - lawyer asked for money and immediately shown. No, first ask that it should be after the process, and receipt for it - prefer online for proof. Don't be naive to pay when asked. For notarize 100 rs is expected and not argued over.
HomeErp - ladi uncle was best bet to reach Ropar early and extend trip to chandigarh - on our own it could not be possible.
LIB - Scrum 
	Some Updates - these terms should eventually be relatable.
		Performance Framework KT from Ashok. Github link and postman collection - debugging the code, playing around with it with help of postman collection.
		Tenants Whitelisting. IOT services, Subscriptions links, etc changed.
		Tenant Subscribe then schema should be - they should check. Tenant Subscribed twice as abstract and thing model so both the schema but error state.
	Abstract
		Yesterday what I did, what's continuation so plan. Different threads of work. They try their best to ensure you don't have multiple items going.
		Bugs assignments and raised and status check.
	Members in Scrum 3 - Sweta, Hari, Prabhakar, Ashok.
	DB Credential for 1 time.
		SBSS_15667118859345060746276224317550174925306626324931433049145660036
		pwd: Aa_62698110429433206121333705355385929456806617506612062652645031615
	C:\Program Files\SapMachine\JDK\11\
	C:\Program Files (x86)\Common Files\Oracle\Java\javapath
	No org or space targeted, use 'cf.exe target -o ORG -s SPACE'
	Organization 'IoT_Applications' not found.
IQ - 2 challenges - first is to get the formal participation among other colleagues and second is to engage.
	First requires networking and proving your worth thru selection or something. Preparation and interaction give evolution here.
	Second requires sincerity and is therefore generally assumed. Engagements and involvements give evolution here.
Scrum - Gotta spend time on networking separately.
SAP - Talk to Buddy - kaam karna hai then a lot - better then up to you - time pass here 60% ppl are good - doing for product betterment is very few.
	achhe se karne waale kam hain but if you want then a lot to know.
	jo hai achha hai - padte raho what can be made better - kaam aasan hai but doers is less - more you ask - ask for it more and more.
	spark par no work - structured streaming. Kafka spark cassandra thoda bahut. 
	take work take 10 days. start taking backlogs.
	biweekly. Fine tune - read it like book.
	scala hands on - kar hi loge. Kafka spark - summit sun lo; book padh lo in order to get fair idea. Pehle data ingestion set up kar lete hain.
	springboot kar lo - struts to bahut purana ho gaya. Kaam shuru karoge to kar hi loge.
	I went there for games like spandan.
	Very few people who really try to work.
	Kafka pe kaam kiya hai. Scala aata hai. Within 10 days I will get the work started. Main that's where the learning lies.
	What were the odds for me getting same buddy as one who had studied in IIITB. Meeting friends from VIT Pune, IIITB batchmate again subhas, Infy colleagues on joining day.
		Getting KT from leader board member. He had known me at my joining but not me. Odds of getting Vishesh in the same team for getting comfort of having someone from team.
SQ - I needed some change in product I was working on and open to other development tasks also but got what I really wanted although I ended up applying for all 3 kinds - systems, applications and Data Engg. Such incidents make a point of law of attraction that universe conspires in favor of your desires. So, this proves that there is more to life that physical or universal laws. A person ain't a robot but a conscious force defying laws every moment - so there is something beyond body - who governs the laws pertaining to this trans force.
SocialErp - Chhochha of marriage so still we make so much expenditure as culture. 
	So many unnecessary expenditures and 1 side dahej is illegal and other side gifts are still expected. Greed which was once controlled thru a set up that encouraged fostering of relp is arguably a shackle that people comply with for social acceptance.
	We outta excitement and corroborating with social norms gave best of gifts to the other party only to be taken advantage of.
CS - Eclipse IDE
	Perspective - Views.
	File
		CRUD with Save - switch, import, export, save, properties.
		File, Project, Workspace
	Code Editor View
		Edit
			CRUD - Undo, Redo, Copy, Paste, Del, Select All, Find, Replace, Bookmark, tooltip, content assist.
		Source
			Toggle Comment, Indent Format, imports, clean, refactors - getters, surround with.
		Refactor
			rename, move, extract local variable, interface, superclass; convert; Introduce Factory / parameter, encapsulate field, History, Create Apply script, migrate jar, infer generic type.
	Navigate
		Open Declaration, Call Hierarchy, Type hierarchy. Hyperlink, implementation, super impl, javadocs.
		Open activate task.
		show breadcrumb, Quick Outline, Show in terminal, etc.
		Next annotation. Go to Line. Back or forward.
	Search
		Search, File, Java, Remote, Refs, Declaration, Impl, Occurrences in file.
	Project
		Open close, build, javadocs, properties.
	Run
		Debug tools (step into, resume, etc), Run, Debug.
		Run history, run as, run configurations.
		Debug History, Debug as, Debug configurations.
		Coverage History, Coverage as, coverage configurations.
		Add Breakpoint - tracepoint, watchpoint, skip, exception breakpoint, classload breakpoint.
	Window
		New Window
		Editor - split, wordwrap, clone, zoom, show whitespaces.
		Appearance - Toolbar, status bar, full screen editor, etc.
		Views - Editor, Console, Terminal, Project Explorer, Task list, outline, servers, etc.
		Perspectives - JAVA, J2EE, Debug, etc.
		Navigation - next editor, next view, next perspective.
		Web Browser defaults
		Preferences - For all presentation tools or applications like compiler - some instructions like lines allowed in terminal, which JRE path to use, ignore such errors, how to handle json files, etc.
	Help
		Welcome, Search, Tips, Cheat sheets, report bug.
		perform set up tasks.
		Check for updates, install new software, marketplace.
		About Eclipse.
SQ - Worldly experiences
	Drinking from mata pravesh - Punjabi to Hindi and drinking feet water - you will be amar.
	Baba - offerings on thursdays - asking for favors like car which were given - so respects from distance. His son enrolled in madarsa for relevant training.
EQ - total amount of gold and property in world is fixed - so people want to increase them more for greater opulence in life 
	unequal distribution => more entertainment sector increasing - after buying properties; they have disposable income for entertainment.
	Quaternary sector - IT - we target those who earn a lot and help manage their business or manage or bring entertainments to the world (B2B and B2C) - Thus another player in economic stability - normal distribution. 
	Highly skewed economics ain't good. Free basics available to all - primary sector. Farmers gear towards sugarcane and cotton for a reason.
	It's all CRUD services of different entities with different demands - as per high demand, and high value that you offer you get a piece of the pie. 
		Eg - silk sarees you can make by hand - 7 with better value abstracts and starts using machines - his scale grows and his value is already there so starts earning a lot.
	Streams are everywhere even in economy at different levels - ur CRUD mainly Create and delete has to be a fast stream.
		you add more resource as ppl get value from your service in order to scale your business. 
		Business doesn't equal huge money but one of scale and service does.
SQ - Be agnostic in general so gotta learn DMPM of the world and align with its working - but say thanks when feel gratitude.
	Why not normal theism - cuz auspiciousness isn't visible in short view always.
EQ - even if unwilling still I could not change the mind so gotta do home work on being an architect client
	yes not just EQ consumer but gotta be an architect client - gotta really be at a good standing for marriage. Architect server or being leader can come later. So not just random fun but larger picture is clear and strategy is clear but for grats purpose.
EQ - How to be EQ Architect (client or server)
	Fun in songs listening - decorating sofa is like intellectual grats and ego grat that we are clean people and ACK from others and soul grat of expression of worldly love.
	Yes try to have intellectual or ego - the higher the grat at Ashram - that's also great.
	Priority order for ashram - transaction, transaction plan or preparation or reflection (config), analytics and then master.
		There is no limit to how involving each of these can get - just take discussion for eg - 
			scrum meetings take time, reflections or retros take time, 
			theorizing with eg and counter eg takes time, 
			Group discussions with "for and against" (can be us vs them also) takes time; 
			completeness DMPM understanding takes time. 
		We just gotta spawn a topic and let the waves take over.
	But what to talk (interspersed or separate) - what can be triggers - in priority order - 
		future - backlog based on vision (without it you are a football).
		present - stimuli observed around or news going on.
		past - logs sharing from memory elicited outta stimuli or independently.
	Priority of ERP center of ashram - PersonalErp, HomeErp, SocialErp, ScienceErp.
		But for breaking the ice - you can choose not to respect the order and start with SocialErp like some news or home vicinity also.
EQ - Politics in society but still good
	Soldier fights on battlefield even if countrymen ain't apparently investing gramophone - but pegions are given food even if they fight among themselves for share.
	They may have anarthas - forget, reciprocation, they may be involved in their own puny politics
	but soldier gets his reciprocation from a transcendental channel of govt which collect tax from people whether they like to give or not.
	Even science, metaphysical and spiritual transcendence also (yes they are separate).
	Politics is actually kshatriya thing primarily cuz it's about "what takes place (in terms of material manipulations)"
	Even in family do we not plan as per the mentality of people and form groups and target a person so as to elicit a favorable response.
		isn't this wrong - no, the thing is nevertheless this is done for the person's well being when it comes to family.
	The solution to political stories getting created around the world is that you should have a backlog yourself which you pursue aggressively and are willing to fight for.
		if you don't have a backlog, are you not already declaring "Don't care" to the science and metaphysical realm and therefore you should be ok with whatever happens or direction it takes cuz it's "don't care" for you.
EQ - Like spark jobs coming from kafka topic, aggregation of all streaming data coming from a given space represents its culture.
SQ - Fraternal relationship
	surrender of eth for ego in some charismatic ppl - org society so what if such practices are normalized.
	heros - freedom fighters, spiritualists, etc. gotta do practical stuffs but who's awesome.
	Finite Insubstantial Temporary (FIT) acronym - purush (person) and prakriti (perfect creation) not stri. Analogy of husband wife cuz roleplay not original spiritually but natural in alignment with subtle body.
	No endurance no cessation - why compromise 1 for the other - that's foolishness.
	Triggers - NGRL.
	bow down and smelling head Pandavas. Arjuna sleeping on Krishna's lap.
	vayasas just like Krishna in many details. Decoration.
	Govardhan is heavy - hand it over to sudama or at least change your hands so that we can massage the other hand.
	aghasur ate boys then Krishna's tears and lost himself for a moment.
	4 groups - well wishers, friends, confidential friends, intimate friends.
		a little older well wishers - carry weapons for his safety. Eg - maybe aristasur and not cloud - started wielding shining sword, got plow ready.
		Eg - mandalibhadra's looks and attitude - he is tired let me massage him silently while he takes rest.
		Eg - baladeva - decorations, face, broad chest, complexion, garments, grave voice, strength, long arms.
			his birthday so don't go kaliya lake and will bathe him with mother yashoda.
CS - Link to Corporate portal on windows GUI icon prompt - trying to change url - not allowed - very good! security issue avoids phishing.
CS - Docker Image, Container, Docker Engine, Docker Store.
	only dependencies and kernel is shared.
	configure once, repeat many times.
	common language and ease.
	microservices - CICD.
	containers per host is 10 so orchestrate.
	Features - Provision hosts, instantiate containers on host, restart failing containers, expose containers as services outside the cluster, scale the cluster up or down.
	Pokemon Go. EBay, Box on openstack.
CS - 
	Domain - prefix url.
		Service - IOTService (Service Module, aka web service component base url)
			App - IOTOnGIT
				Required Resource (aka required resource) - Users, Thing.
					Endpoints (Method Entity Tuple) - GET Users, Post Users, GET Thing.
CS - Slack
	Workspaces - login using sap workspace and find workspaces within sap. Add new, switch workspace, etc.
		channels subscription.
Cloudfoundry - installer worked but binary didn't.
	Show them plants - home erp lacuna. What to talk - varna with social implications. Stories of all ppl in Varna.
EQ
	Talk about something in front and take to ashram places - like dhokla to shop which gives gujarat taste or Rajasthan taste to other dishes from there and eating styles. So here also navigration from home erp to social erp.
	Also here is opportunity to go to personal erp seeking personal likings and then navigating.
Story - Accident put me in different state.
Movie - Weathering with you 
	steppu game. Jumping around fire.
	Monetized the ability to control weather for money.
	you 2 are older younger versions of each other.
	befriend and then first time tell that you are in love. But she says b4 he does.
	careful you have started to act like old man.
	what are you looking at - at you.
	This is so last century; don't even be near me. Even cat is disgusted by your stance.
	I saw a dream - I saw a dream while explaining the reality.
	what a pain with emotional boy. Can I ask for a favor - let me go away.
	that I am awesome and born for this; I know - I am not gonna hire you after this.
	what's the point of sharing; that doesn't change much.
	you can't run away from problems; they will find a way.
	you don't know anything - just choose to ignore the truth.
	my first love confession? - police was after you - probation till graduation.
	tell me the truth child are you a runaway.
	you don't matter in scheme of things - change the world so I called crap.
	don't sweat the small stuff, big man; the world remains crazy as always.
IDEA - ML can generate different shades of image - people's favorite image can be mixed in flavors that ppl will like to pay on amazon - printing it on wooden frame.
Polity - Gimme money I lent you - hun bass wi karo inna vi lalaci ki hove banda. Oho, lelo fer (gesture of movement but still continue with your work) 
	and in the end, take it, we don't want your money. 
	Observe that such small exchanges can be done for fun also - polity doesn't have to be serious, it can be fun.
SAP - SAP Talk for mensurating your contributions (for appraisals)
	Scheduling from next week so come prepared with following
	major backlogs Developed / Worked on
		Test Automation Coverage for your development
		User stories delivered - No of backlogs with planned and total Dev efforts for delivery
		Spillovers - How many were spillover backlogs by how much did it spill over
		How many customer BCP were directly related to your Dev backlog
	Test Automation contribution
	BCP
		How many BCP solved (internal/Customer split)
		How many BCP Crossed MPT and IRT
		How many weeks of DOD
		How many BCP created as DOD
		How many security messages solved
	Dev Plan
		Please prepare what is your focus area of Development for you 
		Any trainings done/ required
	Work Env
	Feedbacks - Please come with your feedback  for work related feed back.
	I will sch the talks starting next week.
Manager - like in SAP, for promotion and appraisals, employees can be rated on measurable outcomes like story points delivered, Automations made, Tickets solved, etc.
SAP - SAP Talk previous manager
	Please find answers laid in the questions below.
	1.	Touch upon the current work that you are doing and the value addition from your end.
	a.	IFRS 16 Lease Contract Status Handling
	b.	Some important changes in Scanned Invoice from Text files and Cost Assignment Distribution
	c.	Ticket Solving
	2.	How well you are doing in regard to your Development Plan?
	a.	Needs discussion for this year’s development plan.
	3.	What are you doing for learning new topics (Functional, technical, new innovative topics like Machine Learning, IoT, Block Chain)
	a.	I am going to start learning react.js for understanding UI better.
	4.	Do you require support in some specific area?
	a.	No.
	5.	Do you have any specific concerns in general?
	a.	No.
Scrum - 
	Need a buddy
	onboarding problem of cf command saying no authorization went away after I started using the cf command installed using installer file instead of using binary file
	!Product Overview yesterday
	started looking at scala.
	onboarding overview of product and development process and stuffs like that - from today, we start individual components like MDS and small tasks for them.
	Ashok ur inputs - KT for using Jmeter - who can give that. I will take it up - 2mro we start automation scripts. Gaps found? - start covering automation easy to learn use cases.
	After KT, Some unit test cases for code flow b4 dev items.
	Kunal for suharsh, Imran for jagriti, Let's make Abhijeet (Pavan earlier she said) for Saurabh.
	Since we have concluded - do we need 11 am meeting - no, from my side, no more questions.
		tenant should be onboarded on v2 then.
		even new tenant is v2 as of now - friday I changed it - is it deployed? You approved it and merged it. No request to redeploy it. V3 feature flag be off.
LIB - Buddy - from IIITB, celebrate; ask about his journey.
	Introduce yourself. Current IIITB Campus and profs.
	Ask project culture details leaves, timings, etc, learnings scope, suggestions, what to do in this time for best outcomes, Curiosities like innovation and ML.
CS - Postman - Product
	API Collections - variables, info (name, postmanId), item list
		Item - 
			name - endpoint (resource)
			request - 
				url - raw (url), protocol (https), host (url parts), path (url parts), query (url query string), variable.
				method - get, post.
				header - key value arrange for authorization, customerId etc.
				body - mode:raw, raw:""
				description.
			response - array
	API Environments - to be shared separately
CS - SQL Logical Optimization - Predicate pushdown, projection pruning, boolean expression simplification, constant folding. And Cost for different execution plans.
SQ - God as Supreme Controller
	Our plans don't work. Other controlling factor. => I am not but others maybe. When none of us then nature and its chance factors - probability.
		Cricketers and superstitions - can tap good result. Drops the catch means god on myside - only imagination but attributed cuz of bias.
		Blind destiny or chance?
	Scriptures say so. Compile time or run time.
		jiva, jagat, jagadish - jiva controls jagat cuz insentient. How did Krishna find center of gravity cuz he is source of gravity.
		jagadish control jagat fully and jiva also.
		not absolute controller - given freedom - control jagat or acc to will of God. Addiction - ragging drink once. get drink, then drink gets him. Matter eventually controls jiva - but other ways difficult to realize. Tech vs ayurveda.
		ayurveda is medical science but encorporates spiritual dimension of life. Destructive effects without God.
		Laws of gravity => we are controllers.
			Ecologically - we will conquer cruel nature.
				we didn't inherit from past but borrowed from future.
				tsunami. we can't control but gotta harmonize with nature.
				fossil fuels and land shortage.
			tragic sense of alone particles wandering around. Many attempt don't succeed and many don't get reported and so many crimes.
		it requires intelligence to realize that our intel ain't enough.
		God is the cause of all causes, but he is not the cause of all effects. But that makes him compile time controller only.
		We have unlimited freedom within a limited framework. God is the framework, even prakriti is the framework within which we have our freedom exits. Prove that there is sth transcendental to prakriti - jiva is but not always. We are trans to entities but not the framework of laws (which governed by demigods) eg earthquake after petroleum taken out.
		deterministic natural laws don't prove no controller just like laws of state don't prove no Chief Minister or cabinet. 1 can ignore personalities but can't ignore their system.
		Active controller means ability to change and don't they but even when they don't interfere they remain controllers and have the ability to exercise control by constitution even if they don't.
		CM - crisis manager, welfare, aware of probs, rules making, execution - police, etc - it means God desires and demigods act accordingly this system can be overridden by him also - equivalent of law of karma or physics denied. But Krishna normally doesn't do that.
			Prakriti favors denied but law of karma so he won't most of the times. ability to CRUD demigods (update thru chance events like Indra brihaspati episode). 
		World crisis so what does god do and how does he do welfare to world - desire fulfillment and strength in people to raise voice but can always attribute that to psychology and probability and game of chess - rebellions get crushed.
Movie - Cosmos
	question eth - go wherever evidence leads.
	atoms heavier than universe and universe inside atoms.
	venus hell outta greenhouse effect.
	Jupiter like solar system with its own moons. Great red spot - 11 times storm of earth.
	snowballs of little moons saturn.
	uranus and neptune found after telescope - unknonw otherwise.
	many bodies like pluto.
	vayajor 1 is farthest we have gone. From here sun looks like a star.
	planets for other stars outnumber star. We met only 1 kind so far.
	Local group, virgo supercluster, observable universe.
	multiverse - bubble in ocean. Feeling a little small! But we don't think small.
	Scale from atom to universe - all different levels of physics. Chemistry being one of them.
	Historical Study of cosmos - 1600 new year eve in prison.
	bruno wanted to read all books - a misfit - went against scriptures so scandalous.
		arrow outwards no matter where you stand.
		evangelist - gospel of grandeur of creation.
		Oxford speaker and seconded copernicus.
	your god is too small - doubt eth is the time.
	times when different ideas could take you to dangerous places.
	church to such limits to torment - authority of church and scriptures would be open to question. Veredict - guilty of questioning divinity. you are afraid to give judgement than I am to hear it.
	Galileo in 10 years saw thru telescope - he was right all along. Bruno's observation was lucky guess but gave target to others to disprove it.
	History of Universe - let's compress immensity to calendar year. Jan 1st big bang. Energy and matter emerged from there - crazy but evidence leads here.
		supernova - death of star - new atoms cooked in those stars.
		Origin of life - unsolved mystery of life - may be from another milky way for all we know. Chemical origin but we don't know.
		Reproduction and Then evolution of life.
		asteroids saved from dinosaurs.
		Last sec of cosmic calendar every recorded history - to analyse this second - let's change the scale.
	tools and representing knowledge. animals and settling down and agriculture - keep track of stuffs we carried. 6K back we started recording.
	means for us to transcend mortality. 2 halves discovered and science takes off. And we could uncover eth thru science.
ScienceErp - Taxonomy - Lots of permutations possible
	Macroscopic - Earth and Cosmos. Newton physics, optics, etc.
	Life
		Society - Psychology, History, Economics, Civics.
		Organism - Physiology, anatomy.
	Micoscopic - Chemistry (atoms, molecules - physical, organic, inorganic), Energy (Thermodynamics, transformations) and waves, electronics, electricity, magnetism.
Sume - ID Card cascade in reverse - revealing the hieararchy of work - Siemens / IN (India) / ADM - Advanced Data Mangement / BAM - some vertical under which RnD (?Building Automation) / RDA - Research and Development ?Admin / CT (?Control)
SocialErp - My Financial advisor said that she has written what we talked in last conversation - that means that she keeps track of conversation like SAP Talk and final goal is anyways kept.
	post generate token - password, tenantname - bearer token gets generated.
	Authorize yourself with bearer token
	fire regular query with authorization header.
CS - OAuth, JWT, etc.
	Valet key.
	User - do this work with drive.
	App - Drive, gimme access to users's resource.
	Drive - User, do you trust this App for sharing resource.
	User - Yes.
	Drive - Take this authorization token with limited access - valet key - limited permission.
	App (sometime in future) - use this authorization token to grant me user's files
	Drive - valid token, take these files.
	OAuth Access Token - user allowed permissions. can't be tampered. Token created by Google and given to you.
	JWT can be accessed but not modified. JSON Web tokens.
		jawt pronunciation - for 2 parties to communicate RFC standard.
		alternatives - session token.
		static no prob, dynamic page creation as per user.
		can I have P2 also - who are you?
		I am user and need P2 - ok.
		Bank remembers who you are! - using tokens.
		customer calls support - let me escalate - all details and troubleshooting steps.
		Next day - same ticket number - look up for details. Customer doesn't have to repeat her story.
		web app keeps session log with itself - so lookup. Just grant session id. Session id stored as cookie. Authenticate and return cookie and send session id everytime.
		Most apps these days look like load balancer forwarding your request to web app server.
		so shared session cache using redis. so single point of failure - so sticky sessions requests - unique forwarding.
		token id given to customer and bring that piece et next time. Malicious history fabricated by bad user. Verify signature next time.
		session tokens were reference tokens but JWT are value tokens.
		Authorization Request - Authorization token - Access Token - Resource.
	User - gimme sth.
	App (Client) - you gotta login. wanna use fb?
	User - yes.
	App to Fb - kindly gimme access token to fetch User's info - he is asking.
	Fb to App - ask user to talk to me. User (Auth token of user), do you grant the usage.
	User to Fb - yes I do.
	Fb to App - take this access token for anytime access the user's resource he allowed you for.
	App to User - take the resource you asked me now that I know your Fb details to know you.
	Be connected to Blr VPN. Installer cf is required.
	REST API returning 403 cuz not connected to Blr vpn.
IQ - Any project work = Model:Schema:Concrete implementation.
	We have data model and process model for functional, architecture, implementation etc with us in abstract form.
	Any project is nothing but different schemas from this model catered to meet customer's needs or wants.
	So, KT of project means how have you leveraged existing capabilities (Arch then CS; Consultant then functional capabilities in depth or ERP breadth in depth).
	Eg - Architecture of this project - still UML with compositions and design patterns.
	And concrete instantiation of this plan is actual work on ground.
IQGrats - From team's side
	using nested placeholder variables in postman
	using test script to assign response elements to environent.
LIB - DL PE_DSC_IOT_IN_BigData_Dev_Team - Delivery List / Product Engg / Digital Supply Chain / Internet of Things / India / Big Data / Development Team.
SAP - DKOM Amit Trivedi. Udta Punjab with animations ongoing. tum se hi din hota hai guy - Mohit Chauhan. Chess player in SAP - patterns recognizing and making notes. Alexa Director interview.
SAP - Annual Day - Siddharth Mahadevan virtual - Zinda hai to. Bhaag Milkha. Malang. Pehli baar.
LIB - Sprint retrospection
	what comes ahead and what we as a team did this sprint.
	Demo for development.
	Migration is most important topic under discussion.
	DoD report.
HomeErp - Flexben kharcha
	Headset - 1749 / 3900
		https://www.amazon.in/Philips-SHB4405BK-00-Bluetooth-Headphones/dp/B01LWJ6EB7/ref=sr_1_3_mod_primary_lightning_deal?dchild=1&keywords=headset+with+mic&qid=1602832269&refinements=p_n_feature_six_browse-bin%3A15564048031%2Cp_n_feature_four_browse-bin%3A6631678031%2Cp_n_feature_two_browse-bin%3A6631662031%2Cp_n_feature_three_browse-bin%3A6631676031&rnid=6631674031&s=electronics&sbo=Tc8eqSFhUl4VwMzbE4fw%2Fw%3D%3D&smid=A14CZOWI0VEHLG&sr=1-3
		https://www.amazon.in/Tribit-XFree-Bluetooth-Headphones-Built/dp/B0759QFPQ3/ref=sr_1_29?dchild=1&keywords=wireless+headset+with+mic&qid=1602838239&s=electronics&sr=1-29
	Monitor - 6K 7.5K
		https://www.amazon.in/Philips-21-5-inch-54-6cm-Monitor/dp/B07HDMVXSG/ref=sr_1_52_mod_primary_lightning_deal?crid=2W0LR6H2HLVMG&dchild=1&keywords=monitor&qid=1602832961&refinements=p_n_feature_five_browse-bin%3A1464354031&rnid=1464352031&s=computers&sbo=Tc8eqSFhUl4VwMzbE4fw%2Fw%3D%3D&smid=A14CZOWI0VEHLG&sprefix=monitor%2Celectronics%2C550&sr=1-52
		https://www.amazon.in/dp/B07LDH32ZP/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&linkCode=sl1&tag=bestofferamazon-21&linkId=fad6937ac34498246aa29d12d35ca3ef&language=en_IN&th=1
	Chair - 13K, 22K
		https://www.amazon.in/gp/product/B07QN752GX/ref=as_li_ss_tl?smid=AQJ5293RENJR0&psc=1&linkCode=sl1&tag=10320609-21&linkId=d0a0490d7a0a89c79f05143baa397b43&language=en_IN
		https://www.amazon.in/MISURAA-Xenon-Black-High-Back/dp/B08939MCSZ/ref=sr_1_5_mod_primary_lightning_deal?dchild=1&keywords=home+office+chair&qid=1602839688&refinements=p_n_feature_browse-bin%3A8452168031&rnid=8452164031&s=kitchen&sbo=Tc8eqSFhUl4VwMzbE4fw%2Fw%3D%3D&smid=A2M2SLCXMCTTXE&sr=1-5
	Keyboard
LIB - Scrum - 
	volunteer from new colleagues and small document.
	set up a new landscape.
	Assign this jira to suharsh directly. Bigdata applications monitoring tenant configuratoin jira story taken by him.
	async monitor that Vishesh is working on.
	monitoring apis to handle parsing of context name - dimonitoring collection and resoure with di-monitoring env - fire resource endpoint - resource = /context.
	spark service has id and name. id being ingestion context. context id and name; id/status gives me status and put name then also status - by id and by name. But name has to be of this pattern but it works. dtails also works. scheduleing delay for last batch by context id doesn't by name but with id it does.
	so all api under spark monitoring should work by both id and name. remove this restriction - such context exists and if doesn't exist then error - no looking for pattern. Error occurred is not good message - precisely tell the error.
	who can take this. Jagriti working on Delete retention period. and Synthetic monitor - azure landscape (One Product) by him.
	Kanu on kafka advertisement. PDMS hybrid by hari.
	Log efforts monthwise against the backlog - logging hours not for micromanaging but whatever we have planned and actuals difference - what's burnt. Trying to improve our planning.
	Slack to Jenkins integration exploration if someone can check and tell - we will do it in jenkins automation framework.
	DSC from nightly build is what Ashok will work on.
	scripts need to move to odata. E2E test automation backlog - framework clean up user story so as to list eth for making quality usable.
	adding tenants to spaces - csv for those as well.
	error reader automation - we already have an automation. regression to be shared - they can come back with results for understanding components.
	not finish automation - but contribute and understanding it end to end. Where to go to fix bugs. That's part of onboarding plan.
	links are stale so look into it. mvn clean install for stuffs.
	context api of infra ppl is internally used by our REST API. So ours is wrapper.
	starting may be difficult but it's simple actually.
	DataExistence.java we use HANA here also. MDI.
	Services folder has all the rest endpoints.
	utils for more logic if needed - reuse classes and readability and also maintenance.
	Slack Channels - get yourself added as member than joining. restart a tool if some problem that integration.
		the scheduler thread is in AbstractBinderImpl in startSparkScheduledNotifier - doesn't run in main thread. In its own thread.
		startScheduling - set the rate as 30 mins.
		Spark job every 30 mins - tells what's the status and delays on average.
		startNotification - average scheduling delay by context id. then notifier.sendNotification to send to slack. SparkScheduledNotifier.
	consumer module - last data gone to cassandra - threads for last data to casssandra to ensure that data ingestion is working fine. Channels i #ingestion_eu10_mon, ingestion_eu20_sandbox, di_jobs_aws_eu10. bigdata_bglr, bd_blr-monitor_canary. dataingestion_testing. dataingestion_us10.
	v2 to v3 - writing data per hour but tenant - charged per call - so high TCO. AVRO schema and data both are written and not querying well. ORC gives good compression. reduce to 1 call per day.
	spark and redis using there.
	intelliJ or eclipse. Cassandra on DI and HANA you must have done.
	Cloud Foundry we use for deployment - IoT_Application and sandbox we use for testing Ops and Noah other teams.
	open termination - mvn clean install -DskipTests from outside maven project to generate war file and then cf push from web-dim folder. once deployed then logs using cf logs (something).
	junits inside dataexistence_monitoring-dataingestion-sap tests.
	after cf push you will get url and then query your own app.
	sanbox call get token. URL needs to change there.
	Ensure that you have branch creation access for TDIM.
	env - use 2 factor monitoring other spaces other than sandbox.
	kibana for seeing the changes you have done.
	give search tool tip and it shows logs.
	500 means sth going wrong and you get tickets. Analytics over logs.
	Grafana link was not opening - still not opening - the problem was the VPN connection to Singapore. URL whitelisted only for bglr and wldf cuz no iot team other places.
LIB - Spacing in path mvn install - so could not load test class. Could not find resource - nexus - no access on browser also - so changed vpn from blr to walldorf.
	also revealed the multi module maven project.
	also revealed how tree like structure downloading pom for downloading nested dependencies is used besides downloading the jar - habit of reading logs.
	1 module fails => go specific mvn clean install and after resolved - do mvn install on root dir and not mvn clean install that can be heavy.
SAP - SAP Annual Day - SAP World
	Sonam C Chhabra - awarded best host recruited for SAP World show; she has also given TED Talk. Dressed as enchantress.
	Planet brought together - celebrating togetherness - whole SAP globally brought together.
	Antakshari, social distancing - find a way to connect each other.
	7 told me SAP emps are coolest to gel together - so showcasing the talents.
	all time to hone our skills. Hard to narrow down our winners.
	host and throat stuck - coughed - changed the scenery and she covered it - See I tried to sing like you and what happened to me.
	Singing, Cup song, guitar blindfolded (just a style once you know it well), comedy (amit kumar), bharatnatyam - dance for all rasas. Come on SAP Guys, How are you guys so cool?
	Stage effects of moving lights.
	we are all waiting to see who our winners are - but can I tell you something.
	woo hoo (we like - what are you so excited about).
	Fab job of creativity. Are you excited?-2. Let me go for it. Congratulations - so happy to see you win cool awards.
	Streaming using vimeo and postponed pause.
	Spending time till singer arrives - your favorite tv series, your favorite emoji, favorite era of music. I am carried to era of beatles, dress you wore most during lockdown (but dressed for you today).
	Singing is gonna start - Change your dress for performance. Party shoes I know I am going to wear. I am gonna go wear. I am gonna be here waiting for you guys. How to bridge the time.
	Until singer arrives or to create anticipations - talent videos - which I am living proof. spiritual drama, mom dance, shlokas.
	As promised my party shoes are on with music prodigy. Chartbursters. Answer to all questions is 1 and only. Should I build more suspense or enough. Showing videos of coverage to give enthu.
	As promised I wore my party shoes - groove and shake. Bollywood trivia questions - let's see - who sang this. Bunty aur bubly, halla re, zinda, nachde ne sare ral mil ke - in movie baar baar dekho playback singer. India waale - in telugu version of happy new year. satyam shivam sundaram.
	mein bhi sarfira tu bhi.
	singing from isolated room for best - some magic from virtual space - connect to tv. Intros and you can clap from home we will feel it.
	Start with debu song - zinda. performers are used to applause after song but 8-9th online show - weird times. We will clap for each other.
	your singing has to come from conviction - dancing with it else you will feel weird. dil chahta hai.
		Ranveer and Anushka song - Pehli baar.
		Making up for internet flaw thru something special - playing congo - andaaz kyun ho purana, london thumakda, tum ho to...
		har kisi ko nahi milta. Patterns - sing your numbers and then popular ones - interspersed with your own with mentions. nachde ne saare.
		Sanorita, Gallan Gudiyan.
	missed partying, going out and closest we can get. Kudos for hard work and continuing with good work. Let's welcome 2021 to be awesome year.
	music console. zoom link for e1 to share their video.
CS - Maven steps for all the packages or modules.
	--- MVN_Plugin:version:step (default-step) @ package under consideration ---
		Eg - maven-resources-plugin:2.6:resources (default-resources) @ package under consideration
	resources (default-resources)
		copying resource using encoding.
	Compile - all source files.
	testResources (default-testResources)
		using encoding; skipping directory src, test, resources.
	TestCompile - no src to compile
	test (default-test)
		No tests to run.
	war-plugin:2.4:war (default-war)
		Packaging webapp, Assembling, Processing war project, copying webapp resources, assembled, building war.
	install (default-install)
		installing war and pom.xml to (user)/.m2/repo/directoryPath/version/war file and so with pom.
CS - maven project parent. maven module.
EQ - Concrete Ashram - Holidays Mornings for Abstract Ashram. Afternoons for Concrete Ashram. Evenings for Entertainment. Also Varna can be accomodated for taking lead.
	SocialErp gives us NIC+E like ITR Filing is a C. Quora writing is a I. Awareness of social decisions is N. All of these need to be done on holidays.
	HomeErp likewise gives us NIC+E - Obligation to do something is C. Shopping for betterment is N. Trip somewhere is I. All of these need to be done on holidays.
	PersonalErp on same lines should give us NIC+E - Personal Obligations like scrums. Entertainment Hobbies is I. Entertainment consumption in cinema and sports is N.
SocialErp - Legal system has many flaws like Surabhi didi writ but legal system is blind and cares for only rules. Then SC complaint blind action. Gifts in marriage belong to her already and then talk separation. If you don't know this and go to fight simply to make fool of yourself.
SAP - headset talks - we otherwise won't buy 25K worth headset and 70K worth chair but thru this opportunity I started - opulence is a mindset.
Movie - FMAB
	Good you managed to escape by an escape. You can't say the same.
	She starts burning from inside suddenly while not changing her smile.
	sounds like you guys have your hands full, alright.
	immortality - what a bunch of nonsense.
	Being chased and long time no see - what are you guys doing here besides getting yourselves in trouble.
	insulting his boss makes him lose his calm and less effective ways.
	ripped off his arm to deceive her.
	memories recovered so can do transmutation circle. This also means you remember all the extra share I took from you.
	we are friends - is this how you treat your friends by setting dogs on them.
Movie - Spartacus
	injury means only to instruct. He is wild dog - tame it thru training.
	You are just new masters taking my posts away - what would they do - kill me - give him chance.
	Find a purpose - to stay alive - do sth greater than survival. You tell me to fight - no, you want to fight.
	Befriending powerful Crixus who is searching for his wife - kind words of hope makes him ally.
	when sword becomes like feather what purpose will it fly to - one of your choosing.
	curioius words from one who claims to have forgotten eth.
	Common enemy so forget differences and see him forced to knees.
	And they do ask for slaves to fill jug but Spartacus stops them et.
	They were not trained as bros like us. Any danger and they will turn against us.
	What's your name so that I can mourn your passing.
	freedom is not without cost. I pay with the only coin I have so do you. Protection in return of such favors.
	The one that they kept alive was used to keep soldiers at bay with distractions.
	he deceived us - not really - they saw me without callar so would return with more men so asked them to stay.
	make believe that gods hear my prayers while thru a slip a win win agreement is made.
Movies - Cosmos
	#Innovation in science layer opens way for social layer richness (individually and collectively)
	sky was calendar and story books.
	Artificial selection for animals and plants.
		Humans do hunting and they scavenge hunting so domenstication. Selection tamed with each generation. Evolves into dogs. Survival of the friendliest. Eventually security. Cuteness is selective advantage - passed to next generation.
		they gave up their choice of mate and men choose. Breed the dogs that please them. Those that do their bidding - howling herding, hunting, guarding, etc.
		Every breed is sculpted by umans.
		How dangerous wolf turned to friendly german shepherd.
	Natural selection over billion years - beauty and diversity of life.
		go inside polar bear's artery to heart.
		ancient scripture of life that all lives can read.
		molecules in DNA = Stars in Galaxy - we are all universe.
		DNA replication gives copy to each cell during division - proofreading errors. Fur color changes cuz of mutation - some are harmless or deadly but some give critical advantage or danger.
		white bear prospers in polar region and that gene spreads across generations and browns struggle for survival.
		Brown selected differently and become new species.
		no breeder but environment itself does selection - natural selection.
		e1 created individually makes you feel special but from monnkey is embarassing - we want to distance ourselves from them.
		barcode varies from species to species - no exact DNA but clustering together. Raw material for natural selection is DNA.
		Family tree - branches. Each twig is living species. Trunk is common ancestor.
		Tree of life is 3 billion years old.
		disguising animal like plant. Costumes to fool predator.
		eye complexity - not easy for evolution - cornea, neural network for interpreting images, iris and lens, etc.
		Blind life in beginning - random mutation or error in bacterium copying - advantage of light and dark. You can observe different stages of eyes across species.
		adapting over long term but doesn't go back to board for change. why not 3 eyes - cuz mutations are random and favoring, etc.
		connection to all of life is a soulful spiritual experience.
		hall of extinction - monuments of broken branches.
		Idea is laws of nature enough to explain life forms to exist or evolve by chance.
		The great dying that 9/10 life died.
		?Life started existing by chance and eth till its richness is coming to by chance.
		worlds with different chemistry and history - planet that may harbour life.
		Titan moon of saturn has river, lakes, coastlines and it rains there. Seas and rains of methane and ethane not water. Natural gas.
		Chemical basis of life will be different. Creature that inhale hydrogen and methane is exhaled.
		No shame in not knowing the answers but saying that you know all the answers.
		This is what molecules do given 4 Billion years.
LIB - I will be moderator for Show and Tell. Subscription Architecture.
	Integration of SAP IoT to CIS via SaaS registry with handson for service broker and app router.
	Subscription-Controller - subscribe and unsubscribe.
		HDI Deployer
		One Product
		Called Components
		Asynchronous Callback to CIS.
	Subscription service lib. Live demo one product.
	Component Alerting Framework
		L5 and L5+ Checks
		Postman Collection for Ops - re-subscribe-failed, re-unsubscribe-failed.
	material
CS - IntelliJ
CS - Cloudfoundry Log
	Abstract - In 1 word - manifest, upload, process, container, instances.
		Apply Manifest.
		Packages Upload
		Processing Files
		Stage and trace logs - downloading buildpacks.
		Create container instance.
		Download app packages - springboot, tomcat, etc.
		Destroy container.
		Instances starting
		Buildpacks specified with name, request state, routes, stack, memory and #instances.
	Details as follows:
	Applying manifest file C:\Users\I341365\Desktop\PIES\I\SAP\SIOT\GITRepos\timeseries-data-ingestion-monitoring\webapp_monitoring-dataingestion-sap\manifest.yml...
	Manifest applied
	Packaging files to upload...
	Uploading files...
	Waiting for API to complete processing files
	staging app and tracing logs
		downloading sap_java_buildpack, ruby_buildpack, etc.
	Cell e07104cf-f5b5-4b01-9ae0-39781bb4a2a8 creating container for instance a4b7687c-a412-4899-a33e-79a55b731155
	Downloading App Package.
	Downloading springboot auto reconfig, tomcat, logging support, etc.
	 Exit status 0
	   Uploading droplet, build artifacts cache...
	   Uploading build artifacts cache...
	   Uploading droplet...
	   Uploaded build artifacts cache (1.9K)
	   Uploaded droplet (139.1M)
	   Uploading complete
	   Cell e07104cf-f5b5-4b01-9ae0-39781bb4a2a8 stopping instance a4b7687c-a412-4899-a33e-79a55b731155
	   Cell e07104cf-f5b5-4b01-9ae0-39781bb4a2a8 destroying container for instance a4b7687c-a412-4899-a33e-79a55b731155
	   Cell e07104cf-f5b5-4b01-9ae0-39781bb4a2a8 successfully destroyed container for instance a4b7687c-a412-4899-a33e-79a55b731155
	Waiting for app timeseries-dataingestion-monitoring-custom-aj to start...
	Instances starting
	Instances started
		name:              timeseries-dataingestion-monitoring-custom-aj
		requested state:   started
		routes:            timeseries-dataingestion-monitoring-custom-aj.cfapps.sap.hana.ondemand.com - gives 403 auth error for some goddang reason.
		last uploaded:     Mon 19 Oct 13:25:19 IST 2020
		stack:             cflinuxfs3
	buildpacks:
		name             version                                                                       detect output   buildpack name
		java_buildpack   v4.32.1-offline-https://github.com/cloudfoundry/java-buildpack.git#b55ae249   java            java
			type:            web
			sidecars:
			instances:       1/1
			memory usage:    2048M
			start command:   JAVA_OPTS="-agentpath:$PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre/bin/jvmkill-1.16.0_RELEASE=printHeapHistogram=1 -Djava.io.tmpdir=$TMPDIR -XX:ActiveProcessorCount=$(nproc)
							 -Djava.ext.dirs=$PWD/.java-buildpack/container_security_provider:$PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre/lib/ext
							 -Djava.security.properties=$PWD/.java-buildpack/java_security/java.security $JAVA_OPTS -Daccess.logging.enabled=false -Dhttp.port=$PORT" &&
							 CALCULATED_MEMORY=$($PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre/bin/java-buildpack-memory-calculator-3.13.0_RELEASE -totMemory=$MEMORY_LIMIT -loadedClasses=29474 -poolType=metaspace
							 -stackThreads=250 -vmOptions="$JAVA_OPTS") && echo JVM Memory Configuration: $CALCULATED_MEMORY && JAVA_OPTS="$JAVA_OPTS $CALCULATED_MEMORY" && MALLOC_ARENA_MAX=2
						 JAVA_OPTS=$JAVA_OPTS JAVA_HOME=$PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre exec $PWD/.java-buildpack/tomcat/bin/catalina.sh run
		state     since                  cpu    memory        disk           details
		#0   running   2020-10-19T07:55:39Z   0.0%   14.8M of 2G   217.2M of 1G
			type:            task
			sidecars:
			instances:       0/0
			memory usage:    1024M
			start command:   JAVA_OPTS="-agentpath:$PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre/bin/jvmkill-1.16.0_RELEASE=printHeapHistogram=1 -Djava.io.tmpdir=$TMPDIR -XX:ActiveProcessorCount=$(nproc)
							 -Djava.ext.dirs=$PWD/.java-buildpack/container_security_provider:$PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre/lib/ext
							 -Djava.security.properties=$PWD/.java-buildpack/java_security/java.security $JAVA_OPTS -Daccess.logging.enabled=false -Dhttp.port=$PORT" &&
							 CALCULATED_MEMORY=$($PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre/bin/java-buildpack-memory-calculator-3.13.0_RELEASE -totMemory=$MEMORY_LIMIT -loadedClasses=29474 -poolType=metaspace
							 -stackThreads=250 -vmOptions="$JAVA_OPTS") && echo JVM Memory Configuration: $CALCULATED_MEMORY && JAVA_OPTS="$JAVA_OPTS $CALCULATED_MEMORY" && MALLOC_ARENA_MAX=2
							 JAVA_OPTS=$JAVA_OPTS JAVA_HOME=$PWD/.java-buildpack/open_jdk_jre exec $PWD/.java-buildpack/tomcat/bin/catalina.sh run
			There are no running instances of this process.
Amusement - Sudoku - candidates for a box identified; take intersection of the unique ones for a given box, vertical or horizonal (here permutations is important cuz of next step); Keep updating or removing candidates from other cells once an answer is confirmed (this new cell selection means that some of already checked box elements may become unique for step 2)
LIB - JMeter Test jmx xml formatted file consists of Streak of 
	Test Plan Label
		threadName (app's)
		Request - sentBytes, grpThreads, allThreads
		Wait - timeStamp, elapsed, Latency, IdleTime
		Response - responseCode, responseMessage, dataType, bytes
		Tests - success, failureMessage
		Connect
Story - being reprimanded in Pune for not taking care of parents that I had not visited them for a long time. When hospitalization happened without my knowledge.
LIB - JMeter
	Individual JTLs are very power - xml with full log of calls and payloads and response. So, no worries left - it's literally the streak of calls as given.
	figured that enabled disabled from right click of a step cuz xml file said it
	Sequence of tests is done thru threads so thread names can be used for clustering and seeing which step of which threadgroup failed in jmeter.
	Anytime you see a variable in jmeter script - best is to look for it in xml to find its initialization.
IQGrats - LIB - RnD Trace - ability to figure stuffs out; from effects to cause and reasoning
		I have xml for jmeter script so can check things in more details and find and reasoning is possible.
		Netbeans gives powerful xml overview. Thought Fetching JWT Token was perhaps reusable generic piece but it wasn't it was multithreading actually.
SQ - In metaphysical transcendental study, there can be auspiciousness (DAG of events giving a favor), inauspiciousness (to be assumed as shreyas but smalls DAGs that apparently give disfavor); Pure random or haphazard. Surprisingly enough, the world around us which is observable moment after moment isn't purely random - the DAG of events from metaphysical perspective doesn't things that surprise us and the odds of that happening in pure random space was very less. Eg - Law of attraction (of course mental programming to see it but what about it showing up - what's the probability for that).
	coincidences that a person on radio says what we want to hear.
	A sound inside me telling me to breathe deeply - no intuition cuz it was irrational (intuitions based on past experiences and impressions is also not based on conscious layer).
PersonalErp - It is aka Personal Effectiveness but it's so called cuz
	CRM (Charisma), SRM (tips on attitude and behaviors with good market), SCM Logistics (Personally organized and clean - externally and internally), SCM Production (Hobbies and Personal Plans - HCM Projects), HCM (Me Time Enjoyments), FIN (My Financial Plan).
CS - hover on vars give u value in postman.
HomeErp - Marriage - Komal Sharma - told about life event a little late but handled with maturity - we won't proceed with it. Plz tell others in advance.
SAP - Phone life balance - we forget to extend basics kindness when we are with phones.
SAP - being in a mentor role and then switch of team and back in the role of mentee.
LIB - Team
	T0 - Ashok, Sathya, Varsha
	T1 - Abhijeet, Ajay, Kunal, ?Pavan, ?Kanu
	T2 - Pavan, Abhishek, ?Anand, Imran.
	T3 - Shveta, Prabhakar, Hari Shankar, Jagriti, Vishesh, Suharsh, myself.
LIB - Don't use group subscription email for discussions - it's only for announcements.
LIB - CF are ready to hit. Other apps we can hit and check.
LIB - Ask mentor for 3 things - Why 403 on postman, how to deal with jmeter failing step, set up debugging.
LIB - Test Plan - mds consolidated in staging space
	Thread Groups - 2 thread groups.
		update conf dep package 4 steps
		Time series complexreads.
		Steps - Few steps failed with success code.
IQ - always gotta standardize people with their strengths, weakness and normal roles.
LIB - Scrum updates - IDEA - predict spikes on intraday.
	No Junits just some review so that right direction confirmation.
SocialErp - Mandir or courts then I don't pick calls. 6 months waiver else probation. Roka, etc possbile but marriage after divorce is done.
SocialErp - Naive in Legal system that it will get extended. Judges can be done case against and loss of reputation is eth. Appointed after 3/4 majority vote then President approves.
	They are also LLB and LLM but experienced and track record checked.
	Judges are free to give decisions - in light of evidences, I am compelled to say. As the case is presented, law is blind - they say what the evidence says even if it is right.
	Case against judges - don't even go to parties - 2 judges of same name - money came to different judge than intended in around 2016 and she called CBI and income tax and the original judge got bad reputation - tried to clear herself saying that it was attempt to malign her but eventually she got transferred to somewhere else.
SQ - reflections from Nangal episode - Karmic reactions show up in physical immediate level 
	people keep distance from people of bad mentality or restrategize their dealings. Physical long term agnostic level - it creates social culture that they eventually witness themselves. Mental level - you may be in country of your choice but still suffer cuz problem is in your mind. No matter where you go anarthas by their definition have potential to cause trouble at 3-fold material miseries level - by entertaining anarthas (not just lust but also intolerance, etc) you don't make it easy for yourself.
SQ - Thru the series of events, my mistake of not taking a strong stand against loved ones got challenged at level of social realm and veredict kinda forced us to do what should have happened already. Disclosure of life events to another place where the marriage proposal was being discussed.
LIB - Quality thru Jmeter debugging.
	jtl file can be seen in jmeter creating a listener step.
	trace thru the jtl as xml is also quite helpful.
	if a call fails for status code being refined that's welcome still bcp to clear it.
	if a call fails cuz of dependency like you can't delete PST until Thing type is deleted so track thing type referencing PST in its creation and then must get deleted.
	aesthetically appealing to have things bundled but during release we are more concerned with what failed at what step.
	The meta-entities are under core services team but data handling is under us so that means we need to raise BCP against them to confirm that they have changed their status code.
	Discussion with Ashok. already bcp exists. Sweta picked up for failing steps to raise bcp if necessary.
SocialErp - Methi Matthi or Matri, Ribbon Pakoda from SAP - same as matru and matthi.
LIB - Arch - Show and Tell Arch questions - Structured streaming vs streaming 
	How did it - kafka api listening topic and observer design pattern. cpu and memory thresholds - we have handling for it.
	To answer you questions as well, we have vertical and horizontal scaling - vertically it is manually scaled, horizontal is automatic.
	In interest of time, you have contacts for more questions and we move forward.
	Others answer in case team members are present to address the question.
	checkpoints states for instances already ready for showcasing so that if any step takes more time than necessary.
	as you go thru different states - explain the possible values attributes can take and their importance or explanation.
	alternatives to consider - SCP also has this service that you made - considered that. Concerns - what about kafka problems. appreciate the things you like.
	contacts if you don't know answer. Or ppl you will clarify with.
LIB - Abstract Model
	Thing is digital twin of any device or equipment onboarded.
	What - documentation - IOT user reference; metadata objects is what our persistency used to be like. Package, TT, Thing so duplicate effort on apps side to map their work to this.
	Why
		IoT Abstraction Layer Problem Statement - Any LoB Application leveraging SAP IoT for Time Series Management needed to create thing model, meta data and thing instances in addition to its own application model and object instances to make use of device connectivity, data ingestion and data access to time series and aggregates.
			Redundancy of models as apps are based on their own model.
			Inconsistencies / missing synchronizatoin, when one of the model was changed or updated.
			Customer accessing application data, like PdMS equipment data, via SAP IoT APIs, needed to deal with redundancy and taxonomy clashes.
		DSC customers requesting to use their own IoT stack to be able to ingest time series data only once
			while leveraging both SAP DSC apps as well as their own apps and tools on hyperscalers.
	we will support any model from now on. Any LoB other than DSC also can make model using our API services using which they will maintain metadata mappings. We will only care for TSS data.
		Abstract model is completely disconnected from device. Digital twin - apps will tell what their model will look like.
	Wiki / IoT Engg / Target Arch diagram.
		Focus only on SAP Managed.
		Apps like S4Hana, PdMS, Asset Central, etc consume our services.
		onboard a device into IoT - new equipment onboarded - don't create a digital twin but any time new equipment, they just need to create an onboarding API or model. That API will take care of creating respective instances in our IoT systems. Then ingestion will start happening.
		No thing entity created - device entity created => have mapping information - sensor capability to equipments.
		Earlier for every Device, create a thing in system and devices and capabilities on their side - redundant thing is removed now.
		Equipment id is equivalent but not equal to thing id.
		Indicator groups for Equipment equivalent to PSTs, structure id and Guid and mapping assigned to it. ?let me park my question for later.
		Equipment is created and published. IoT used to create digital twin and data ingestion starts. Customer creates equipment. On invoking our API for creating digital twin, mapping will be generated.
		Creating device model is also taken care by us. Sensor capability - only 1 call they do for onboarding. We will use the details to create eth on behalf of customer like PdMS, DSC (LoB) 
		PdMS - 1 unit called predictive maintenance PMEI group, etc.
		what's contract schema - they abide by that to create their equipment.
	Context Flow Diagram
		Publish Equipment
		Define Model and Onboard
		Branch
			Read Model Schema Config
			Read Tags Config
		Convenience service
		Create
			Azure - Device onboarding in Hyperscaler.
			IoTServices - Device Onboarding in IoT Services.
		Branch
			Create Source Id to Tag Mapping
			Generate Source Idea
			Branch
				Create Assignment
				Create Mapping
			Create Metadata updates.
		End.
	?Beautify json - jsoneditoronline.org beautifies.
	Model metadata
		schema
		object or device id or equipment id for unique id.
		gateway - rest or mqtt.
		header tags - how do you want to read the data.
		1 equipment can have multiple sensors. Structure info or internal id are actually sensors or data value holders. Equivalent to our PST.
		Any new equipment is created using this and other specified schema - only after validation we proceed.
		object
			meta[]
				schema
				model[]
					objectInfo[]
					structureInfo[]
		no named pst here. How to form structure id - plz hold on so keep a note of it for next session.
		Tags - how do you want your data to be read - as model or what.
		Thing model we read it from group called thing type. In TSS persistency we have tags - read entity via different name also. Feed api as you want.
		This equipment to be read by model id (tag) and that's its id. So read TSS data using object id or model id (header tag).
	Also a schema is defined per tenant once.
		120 cc engines - all have 1 model id but entities change - thing type and thing - similar concept - model type is same way.
		So equipment and thing mapping isn't like that.
	Data Flow Diagram
		TSS (Time Series Store) and Device Mgmt Abstraction.
			One Time
				PdMS - Application Configuration or Tenant Onboarding.
				IoT Abstract API or Streaming Access - Schema Definition / tenant onboarding / custom account credential validation.
				SAP IoT Managed Data Lake - X
				SCP - Kafka connect cluster - Kafka connect configuration.
				Customer Managed IaaS - ARM Template impl and function build.
			PdMS - Onboard and Publish Equipment
			IaaS - Create Device in Azure IoT Hub.
		Ingestion Abstraction
			SAP IoT Abstract API - Create Model Maping and Define Tags from Published Equipment.
			IaaS - Ingest Message in IoT Hub.
			IaaS - Map Raw Telemetry data to SAP Schema.
		Streaming consumption via kafka sync from event hub
			IaaS - Message in 'processed TSS topic' in event hub.
			SCP Kafka Connect Cluster - SAP IoT Event Hub Connector
			IoT Abstract API - Message in 'Processed TSS topic' in SAP IoT Kafka.
			PdMS - Rules / Derivations / transformations / last value cache.
		Writing derived TSS data.
			PdMS - Application Derived Data.
			IoT Abstract API - Write TSS API.
			IaaS - Message in Write Topic in event hub.
		Consume Raw TSS
			IaaS - Persist TSS in Azure data explorer.
			IoT Abstract API - Read TSS Api.
			PdMS - Consume Raw TSS.
		Consume TSS Aggregates
			IoT Abstract API - Calculate and Store Aggregates from IaaS Message in write topic in event hub.
			PdMS - Consume TSS aggregates (M4).
	Configure schema once for tenant - which provider, your data model doesn't change a lot - manufacturing and Telecom provider - mobile service provider have different data models and individual schema can conform to any of those schema. Circumference you live with as is your model. b4 onboarding some of the schema that I can understand - that schema is source of truth.
	PdMS / PEI - together it's called PMEI group now.
	Abstract pipeline will listen to kafka topic.
	when are tables created - tables are created on tenant onboarding - backend table is generic. We persist the values they provide - the keys but values that they provide becomes table contents.
	Schema Tags - our tables like ObjectInfo, StructureInfo - the keys of the json. The values of these will change according to what they provide.
		object		{3}
		SchemaId	:	ASSETCNTRL
		Provider	:	0
		SchemaDef		{7}
			definitions		{0}
				$schema	:	
				$id	:	http
				type	:	object
				title	:	The Root Schema
			required		[1]
				0	:	meta
			properties		{1}
				meta		{5}
LIB Scrum - Checked with Ashok regarding failing steps in mds consolidated test plan.
	Failing steps in 2 threadgroups - one of them already had a BCP. Other thread group - needs some more qualified response code for negative cases.
	Setups for abstract data ingestion modeling. 2nd half into KT and going thru docs.
LIB - Marketing - forbes telling white paper, usecases of IoT in cloud used our eg, podcast recording with person with visibility in social media, customer's excitement seeing our offerings.
	great traction - rising, there is interest in market. Some went to hyperscalers leaving our offering - we will contact them back telling them about edge services paired.
Communication - gotta Standardize people by their nature, expertise and favors we can elicit - what they can do when need arises (based on investments considered in TME).
	Not just we gotta standardize people but also find right candidates to invest in so that there is a mutual win win.
	For all the rasas this investment is important with end result clear in your mind.
	All partners interal or external are interacted with in terms of TME only.
	Eg - Let me give that person money in exchange of his powerful services. Let me give him time to be his ally.
Story - Car in Bangalore helped by a friend I had invested time on but not so much effort and money 
	I was hesitant cuz withdrawl from a relp is anyways to be minimized for best returns (unless you wanna test - what's standard ROI).
	But the attempt opens your brain and familiarizes you more with workings of phenomenal world.
	Also favors giving is not always easy like bed given to roommate but bedsheet torn apart.
CS - MS Teams files app internally uses sharepoint. Similarly, recording uses stream and so forth. Launching the file use respective SaaS apps.
SAP - October Fest - 2nd October; Annual Day; Diwali Sweets.
LIB - IQGrats - used xpath extractor online to extract attributes of 1 element of xml (jtl, jmx) - "//httpSample/@lb"
SocialErp - It's precisely the study of how civics develops on top of geography but ecosystem (or science) more specifically.
	Civics has 4 specializations - Academia, Politics, Economics, Entertainment.
		It has another component to it - tracking these 4 specializations across past called history.
	This study is important for us cuz we reinforce them by being server in the system and we are consumers of the system of services (social platform).	
		Eg - we take trainings either as children or adults and we give them money for enrollments. We consume entertainment and learn from them. We create money and spend money for services, etc.
	The depth of systems is required from professionals but width with a decent depth is expected from e1 - at least ability to get there.
	This knowledge opens the eyes for usecases offered by platform and helps us empathize and strike conversation with e1 - along with exception handling.
Story - Finding faults - Why you spoke like that on phone, you speak less, why said that it's a fault. Not responding at all. Headaches.
Story - Surabhi didi angry over her photos pasted on college collage but there was none of her picture in collage.
	Angry over Adhrit crying when he pooped and being washed. Taking firm stand of curtains being washed from drycleaners services and said no in the last hour.
Communication - Stories are always in the making. So a little log of every home at different grains like day, week, month ensures good storytelling.
	Eg - office any function, the culture, some announcement, events, etc.
SocialErp - If supplier sees that you are loose with money, they take advantage of it.
	asking 410 Rs at Dhaba instead of 330 when you get bill made.
	Bulk Sabji purchase and you ask how much he says 20 Rs more and says oh it was calculation mistake.
	Tyre puncture and try to sneak 1 extra hole cuz your attention is missing.
	So, solution is present yourself as sensitive to money but be lenient to people (not in terms of permitting anarthas but letting them have their enjoyment space).
CS - Jenkins, GIT Jenkins, Kubernetes notes, mvn, cloudfoundry, Springboot, Jersey debugging
	Practice - cassandra table schema. hana. Spark APIs. console logs cf. Class Diagrams of explored apps.
PIES - 
	SocialPlatform - Knowledge of all services and products and where they are at and when to use them knowledge.
		More of REST APIs to be consumed. This is study is knowing which APIs are available and in HomeErp you will write algorithm to consume REST API of social at right time with some discrimination to enrich your home experience.
	HomeErp - Abstract knowledge is how homes work; Concrete knowledge is this home (ASR, BLR, SAP) and dhyan is sevas.
	PersonalEffectiveness - FBD of person abstract knowledge is psychology, concrete knowledge is that person's nature standardization, dhyan is how to be effective in different situations.
	Graph of conversations - Ability to organize an event or party. Arch Client or server - single handedly organize event - ability to talk to set of 10 ppl for 30 mins - graph - few attract points on graph to start from a node (context we are in) - can go DFS and pull back when people give feedback of not going deeper and go back by any steps as per personal and others' choice. Every statement exposes so many edges to navigate to.
	Focus on services all layers of grats come automatically - like social awareness, then some problem solving when needed or otherwise gives intellectual taste and culmination opens way to ego. And rewards of such consumptions gives mental pleasures in experience and in results or stories - sensual is implied.
	Networking-wise - 
		external partners or allies we strike contracts with and explore our options - that's on social platform layer. 
		On Home layer, almost all the personal relationships (internal partners) like primary rasas show up.
		On Personal layer, you should have very good relationship with yourself - love and respect yourself.
HomeErp - Inspired from VOICE setup.
	FIN - Balance Sheet (Accounting Dept - Debit/Credit)
		Scrum - Track your money at monthly level.
	Extended SCM 
		CRM (Guest Reception Dept, Outreach Dept), SRM (purchasing products and services Dept), SCM Production (Kitchen Dept), SCM Logistics (Cleaning Dept - organized eth)
		Scrum - Take standardized services or contribute. Delegation also included.
	HCM 
		Projects (Efforts Time Recording, expense reports and Scrum Planning (Ishta Goshti) - other domains like MP, Preaching, Sankirtan etc)
		Entertainment (Hire to Retire Events - festivals)
		Scrum - Gala Hours, Projects discussions during meals or otherwise.
	Misc - 
		Foundation - (Security Dept, master data)
			Scrum - know your home configuration
		Domain wise departments - Milk, Cylinder.
SAP - LoBs in SAP
	Analytics and Intelligent Technologies
		RPA, Crystal Reports, Analytics Cloud for BI, IoT AE, IoT, Ruum.
		?Qualtrics.
	CRM and Customer Experience
		Sales Cloud, Commerce Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Service Cloud.
		?C4Hana, Hybris, CallidusCloud.
	Digital Supply Chain
		Asset Intelligence Network, Business Planning Starter Edition, Warehouse Picker, Innovation Mgmt.
	ERP and Digital Core
		S/4 Hana, S/4 Hana Cloud, SAP Market Rates, SCP Data Enrichment (master data), Financial Statements Insights, RealSpend (budget mgmt)
		?BYD.
	HR and People Engagement
		Successfactors different flavors, Recruiting Marketing Career Site Builder.
	Network and Spend Mgmt
		Digital Supplier Network Membership.
		?Concur.
	Training and Certification
		SAP Learning Hub, Litmos, Live Access, Enable Now.
	?SRM - Ariba, Fieldglass.
SAP - CPI - Cloud Based integration services - combination of tools - help solve integration needs of interprises. API is new way - mgmt tool - 1 source system connected to multiple system - OData provisioning. OnPremise to Cloud. RabbitMQ server.
	Offerings
		Social Network Integration - with FB, Twitter.
		On Premise
		Cloud Integration
		Subscription model - dropbox or cloud based.
		Automatic upgrade and maintenance.
		API Connector OData,
		Smart Data Integration
		Workflow, RabbitMQ.
		IFlow, Eclipse, Groovy
		Camel Notation
		Predefined integration content.
	Integral usage options - Data Integration, Integration flow, OData Service, Value Mapping.
Relp - Networking.
	All 5 rasas - friends and its specializations.
		Senior Junior (Jnana, Dhyan, Karma) - Guide / Guided (Vatsalya), Delegate / Delegated (Dasya), Celeb / Fan (Shant).
			Different social media platforms for each of them - FB for friendship, Twitter (Shant), Quora (vatsalya), Stackoverflow (vatsalya), GITHUB (dasya)
		Equal Intimacy - Best Friend (sakhya), Romantic friend (madhurya)
	Center of attraction with friends can be single at any layer and expanding from there.
	REL - Center of attraction at different layers
		Spiritual - Explorers of higher dimensional reality.
		Varna - achievements partners - together we do a lot. Eg - new feature devp with 7 who knows the subject.
		Ashram - some worldly interest sharing friend - we enjoy discussing, exploring, doing or studying something. Eg - similar theater interest, Dance interest, judo interest, etc.
		Foundation - similar habits meeting in some space like running.
IQ - Alize - good singer but addons start making difference - leg movements and mild dance stunts, adaa of singing seductive.
SocialErp - Government and Bureaucrats - Think of MLAs as representatives of people - 1 of them who represents their voice.
	Different levels of voice representatives - Counselors elected, Mayor elected among them. MLA Elected. MP Elected. Think of them as customers and suppliers thru budgets or bills or requests as per allotment.
	System of bureaucracy - administrative intellectuals - who help plan, implement, execute the system.
		as per MLA request, plan is made by chief secretary who represents secretaries of different departments. Problems in the way. Alternatives, priorities, etc.
		same thing happens at center with cabinet secretary. Like PM has cabinet, chief secretary has secretaries of different dept.
		plan is shown and approved and then executed by secretaries based on money as agreed upon as per budget and bills.
		Source of money comes from Income Tax Dept (IRS of civil services). Third Party Production thru tendors (as per guidelines). so forth.
		Levels - Commissioner (2-3 districts), Deputy Commissioner (District).
	Similarly there are other dept as well at tier 1 - IFS, IPS, IRS, Railways, Postal, etc.
		IPS Levels - Assistant SP, DSP (Deputy Superintendent of Police), ASP (Additional SP), SP (Superintendent of Police), SSP (Senior Superintendent of Police), DIG (Deputy Inspector General), IG (Inspector General), DGP (Director General of Police) - additional and assistant Police excluded from list.
		Tier 2 and Tier 3 get recruited thru SSC exams. Tier 1 thru UPSC Civil Services Exam (there are other exams as well for other jobs)
	IAS Levels - Huge basic Pay (56K - 250K), benefits separate.
		Central secretariat - Assistant Secretary, Undersecretary, Deputy Secretary, Director, Joint Secretary, Additional Secretary, Secretary, Cabinet of Secretary.
			Asst -> Under -> Deputy -> Director -> Joint -> Additional -> PHI -> Cabinet.
		State secretariat - Undersecretary, Deputy Secretary, Joint Secretary, Special Secretary cum director.
			Secretary cum commissioner, Principal Secretary, Additional Chief Secretary, Chief Secretary
			Under -> Deputy -> Joint -> Special -> PHI -> Principal -> Additional Chief -> Chief.
		District - SDM (Sub divisional Magistrate), Additional District Magistrate (ADM), District Magistrate (DM)
			DC (Divisional Commissioner).
			Sub Divisional -> Additional District -> District -> DC.
	Think of bureaucrats as unbiased (from ideologies) machinery which gives administrative civil services representing intellectual heads of society 
		implementers as guided by public wish (representatives) - planning, executing, updating, deleting
		Call this 'Govt ERP' which gives frameworks for everything - triggered by customers of representatives (roll up of public).
		Services or Framework? - Civil Services it says. So, it doesn't do eth for us and we have to fit part but we do eth consuming their services.
		Services - Admin (HCM, Projects), Police (Security), Railways (Logistics), Revenue (Finance), Foreign , Trade (SCM / SRM / CRM - export import), 
			others - election commissioner (retired ias, irs), Defense, Audit, Accounts, Railway traffic, railway accounts, ordnance, etc.
SocialErp - Politics
	JungleRaj (goons disturbing social norms), 
	Autocracy (self styled lords who offer protection of economics in exchange of taxes for public welfare and their salary), 
	Democracy (people elect their representative for getting services in exchange of salary and taxes)
CS - Workspace
	metadata
	RemoteSystemsTempFile - project file.
	Server - 
	Good - Project
		Good - src, target, pom.
		settings
		classpath - path to output.
		project
	More
		bad files removed thru gitignore but they do come when new project is imported or created
		remove project from workspace without delete - only removes reference of project in workspace - from where - don't know or care. Re-add using import.
CS - Maven
	Add remote archetype - Help -> Install New Software -> remote archetypes = Enter "http://download.eclipse.org/technology/m2e/releases" 
		also st, remote maven catalog = "http://repo.maven.apache.org/maven2/archetype-catalog.xml"
	Windows preference maven archetypes, Description: Remote Archetypes = Catalog File: http://repo1.maven.org/maven2/archetype-catalog.xml
		now search for jersey archetype will be successful.
	Group like SAP, Artifact Project Name, Version, type of outcome.
		all jars downloaded to m2 repos under your user - with archetype-catalog referencing your consumptions at high level.
CS - Eclipse - New Project
	XML
	Java (Ant), JS
	Maven
	Plugin or Patch
	Web
	J2E
	EMF, EJB, Gradle, JAXB
Story - Train thieves Mama - pantry car servers in ac cuz no1 else visits. sandals up and bag under head so couldn't steal so gazing and faced anger. Left in minutes. 2 babies carried and bag zip opened for purse and lady behind got caught with anger threatened to be handed to police and voice came from back whether that was your purse.
CS - Jersey REST API not working cuz maven build not done and hence it could not locate the class method - I found this out when checking that war file is not at tomcat so it must be locally handled but war doesn't even exist under target. Hey, not even classes so not built is the problem.
	gotta start server in debug mode in IDE which has application contained in it (it asks for it during configuration) 
	tomcat doesn't show it in webapps in folder but locally the configured web server gets used.
PIES - we can figure it out with intelligence or find it out (anumana vs shabda praman) - figuring is exciting but costlier than finding.
CS - New Workspace -> Import Maven Project -> Locate the project.
	Select war file project -> Properties -> Project Facets -> Dynamic Web Project.
CS - Maven
	mvn eclipse:clean eclipse:eclipse
	The second command is completely different from the first one.
	First, it deletes previously generated Eclipse files (like .project and .classpath and .settings) and then generates new ones, thus, effectively updating them. It may be useful if you introduced some changes in pom.xml (like new dependencies or plugins) and want Eclipse to be aware of them.
	mvn clean install
	The first command deletes target directory and then builds all you code and installs artifacts into local repository.
IQ - Whatever idea you get, try that on small scale and then try on large project scale - eg - debugging multi-module maven application.
CS - Maven
	gotta add the jars to build path and deployment path and it would work! Don't need all jar maven modules to be web based project facets also.
	mvn assembly also tried for offline deployment to tomcat container but it didn't work so leave that.
	This was IQGrats. What a lead!
LIB Scrum - Going thru Dispatcher KT - cloning the repo is done. Cursory look at the code. Cats recording - which task to use?
	remove - no, we move them to archive and continue working in main directory.
LIB - JWT Token for MDS in sandbox needs payload for monitoring and not other tenant specific ones.
SocialErp - JnK - Kaladi, Rajma Chawal special red rajmah (near patnitop), like cheese but with khatas, kud ki son papdi, baba gabah in patnitop
IQ - SAP - Success in life is not about choices between options, it’s about decision. Options are just opportunities. Success is about deciding what matters most to you.
LIB - Sathya, there are only 2 orgs for this url - 1. b89c8ddatrial2. LIoT_Hotfix; could not find 
git fetch and then git tag -l - followed by create new branch from there and merge and everything.
LIB - Add changes to Hotfix branch and then rebase with production - you can (remove or let remain) the version suffixes. Here she asked me to write version updates on top of .
	Member of IoT_BLR_Team.
	/bigdata_blr
LIB - Jenkins we have access to only runtime build artifacts of deployment.
CS - DevOps - Jenkins (or bamboo) Deployment Delivery Pipeline High level tool.
	Code Management - Build or asssembly (Maven - ant, gradle, GIT)
		Others - Quality check - Jmeter regression or perf test (selenium), Landscape changes - CF / Kubernetes / Docker, etc.
	Virtual Machines
		vagrant - codify the process of provisioning VMs from different software virtualization providers.
			specification in code vagrant file. Box file for template.
			plugins to extend. After that u can use provisioners like ansible, chef, puppet.
		Docker, Kubernetes, CloudFoundry.
	Deployment Scripts thru specs
		chef (turn infrastructure into a code)
			system admin ensures systems are always up and running - code ensures that envt is right.
			automation that converts infrastructure to code.
			Recipe in ruby. Knife command that used to communicate recipe and server. cookbook - collection of recipe. Ohai fetches current state.chef client configures nodes as per cookbook.
			Eg - hapoalim to manage windows and linux machines.
		Puppet - manage and automate software inspection, delivery, and operation
			when nodes fail together - simple script in ruby to servers. Rollback to previous states, etc.
			deploys software to all nodes.
			puppet master and client - manifest, templates and files - agent in client side and facter.
			Eg - staples
		Ansible - automating software provisioning, configuration management, and application deployment. Servers controlled centrally like web and db servers. each script to create consistent envt. IT Automation, Configuration Mgmt consistency, apps deployment in variety of envt. Playbook, envt connect with ssh. create server in seconds. Now GUI also available.
	Logs
		ELK - Logstash collects input from various sources, and Elasticsearch stores that info. Kibana is the visualization layer.
		Splunk (makes machine data and logs accessible) also prometheus graphana.
	Nagios (for network problems - track outages and failures)
		monitor servers, utils, health, APIs reachable.
LIB Deployment
	I did not see PR related JMeter scripts. Can't see the design time scripts that run only the build info (old jmeter failing - test builds were successful)
	Hotfix space build happened just fine but Scripts for pull requests there were some error but didn't see pipeline for dte.
	xMake is the same thing that makes it to Nexus right. We have to go thru consoles only and won't have access to scripts.
	We only check the failures in our relevant pipeline.
	Request Ops colleagues for PR Pipeline to show for our users.
LIB - Discussion - stop the job submitter
	kill the jobs
    jobsubmitter apis - u can use to stop the job
	PDMS is currently doing regressive tests on stakeholder. We have to see the feasible time when we can migrate
	"spark-service-perf" is dedicated only for performance space. Everything except performance space job need to run shared.
	Hotfix , stakeholder and perf are on same perf spark cluster . Then we have to migrate them to respective shared cluster. Perhaps this was done when new cluster was provisioned.
LIB - Discussion - Since MDS and DTE(2 source) are writing on same table, these write(row level) lock may end up in such situations.
CS - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/122160/is-there-an-easy-way-to-attach-source-in-eclipse
LIB Scrum - Monitoring APIs were returning authorization error cuz JWT token had to be generated using payload for monitoring.
	contextId and contextName - there is a call to convert name to id; I need to do debugging but there's a problem - pushed app but nothing gets returned for average processing time and other things so some set up maybe reqd for sandbox system.
	Take your time.
LIB - Connect to server monitoring app - cloudfoundry and give url and credentials - all orgs start showing.
Scrum - HomeErp Organized it.
CS - GIT - your merge request doesn't have to recognize already existing commits but just will write on top of whatever exists.
LIB - ingestion delay for measuring delay and async runner to write to hana.
	5 runners earlier but now 2 runners for end to end.
	async to sync dte table only. bypassing writing to topic.
	mds sync b4 then made async but problems. so made sync again so won't write to dte topic anymore but directly to dte table.
	only di will write to dte topic which will be consumed by dte application to write to hana tables; kafka metering topics for pricing 
		this metering topic will in turn be consumed by apps in iot central team we just come in a big chain.
		dte also responsible for spark aggregated delays finding (dte delay) and writing to hana worklist to eventually be used by csw (cold store writer)
	and cuz of bcp for failing rest call we can't test in sandbox space. So since merge is done, test in hotfix space directly.
IQ - deficiency in abstract J affects concrete D and J.
CS - Maven Multimodule Project - dependency exclusions
	mvn dependency:tree is a clean version we need -Dverbose option to see it all.
	mvn multimodule project - main pom also specifies the modules as dependencies - if you exclude some jars from there they don't make to the project's jar which in turns might be getting consumed by another module 
	and that module may complain that it doesn't find an api which should have come from the project's jar but didn't come cuz you excluded it - even if this api's jar exists in the main project.
	this version change of diutils was important cuz regex for azure happened in that version. Now long route of hotfix pipeline can't be short circuited so thinking of an alternate way to bring it to azure.
LIB - 
	Keystore use the updated git version - networking pleasure - I will quickly tell teh problem with azure space.
	Get metering details (good response code but bad message json). e2e delay (thing and tt don't match - call to mds).
		TSS data for string and decimal.
EQ - Ashram
	Personal Layer also about social consumption only with "Me Time". Consumptions of social stuffs only but at different grains.
	Personal server is thru 
		hobbies (offering enjoyments)
		suggestions (for enjoyment)
	Home server primarily 
		communication (stories) 
		ishta (wished) goshthi (club) - meetings for hearing wishes of the club members.
	Social service - outside varna
		History - XXX
		Civics - Human rights and philanthropy. 
			Eg - strikes, march, boycott, awareness campaigns like cow dung soap, softwares during covid etc.
		Economics
			Eg - FFL, Education, forums creation, etc.
		Geography (Prakriti) - environmental. 
			Eg - Polythene awareness, electricity consumption, etc.
		Spiritual (AT) - 
			Eg - Book Distribution, Programs organizing, etc.
Movie - Blue Valentine
	We are tiger. I can eat your hands so hungry, just 1 finger. Music playing.
	Let's eat like leopard - bad taste meal.
	finish dressing up in 8 countdown.
	gender of baby you wanna know or not - it's a girl.
	where is the dog - didn't found but perhaps moved to be a hollywood dog. Hide from baby.
	gamification - run when water not sprinkling.
	wanna come inside - I don't smoke around oxygen tank.
	talks with colleagues about man women psychology wrt marriage.
	packers and movers but also decorated the room.
	Just do it - book a room tonight. Spice things up.
		ask not yes or no - this room or that room. Give a reason that we have to move now - now tell me.
	have always been here? always here - here's good. have you been faithful to him? why would you ask such question.
	he's fat - you told this to make me feel better - I got nervous - why nervous.
	I should not have told you in first place - you think that's an option.
	what did it feel like to meet person of love - I don't think I ever met one.
	I didn't steal money - I make money to get girls.
	What's your name - go away - that's weird name.
	that's how they laugh in future - exploring a room - depth fun or width.
	soap applying in areas.
	drinking and cigrette in other's mouth.
	I want to stop thinking about it but I can't. Love at sight - it's a feeling like you know them? I don't right.
	I did feel though now it's different feeling - like gotta dance when song comes.
	Can I ask her to tell me I came she never called me. Follow up.
	I ain't getting old - you gonna die - definitely; with that attitude you will - don't do it I tell you.
	This girl (talk about the person's pic as different) is nuts.
	You are so cute; you tell jokes that ain't good and still ppl life - how can you compliment and insult at same time in equal measures.
	child to molester - I am scared - I am gonna walk alone I should be.
	Playing music while asking other to sing or dance.
	my goal was not be sb husband or father. I am here.
	You blabber about whatever I say - Perhaps I should not say anything - what's funny.
	don't go to sleep to keep this memorable.
	wanna make a baby with me. Let's do it.
	what are you doing; it hurts. I am good to you I don't deserve this.
	running backwards fun. I can't do it like this without your love.
	no illicit behavior in my car - it's my home. She put her mouth on mine. Can you trust this face.
	you are not gonna tell me what's wrong - stops walking you gotta tell me I am very intuitive.
	threat to reveal - child whose - what you gonna do.
	nurse to care while scapula pulls it out - I know it's a little uncomfortable.
	Is this smile room where we smile.
	Don't say stuff you can't take back. You wanna hit here.
	you are done you are fired. I am your opponent you are going to jail btw.
	making love with song on.
	support each other is good or worse - this is my worse plz tell me what to do.
SQ - 6 stages of conscious evolution - annamaya (life as food), prana (energy), mano (mind), jnanamaya (vedic knowledge), vijnanamaya (self realization), anandamaya (bliss in love of god).
Story - Work - Problem of going to nature's call while on a call and your name gets pronounced.
LIB
	Abstract to hybrid changed and the tenant bombed - so kindly inform.
	HANA
		SET SCHEMA F3335C2BA4F848C59FD4CFEFEC086FBB;
		select * from F3335C2BA4F848C59FD4CFEFEC086FBB."sap.crossTenant.p::Tenant.Tenant" scptt;

		select * from tables;
		select * from public.tables where schema_name = 'F3335C2BA4F848C59FD4CFEFEC086FBB';
		select
			scptt."GlobalAccountId",
			scptt."IngestionSamplingRate"
		from
			F3335C2BA4F848C59FD4CFEFEC086FBB."sap.crossTenant.p::Tenant.Tenant" scptt;
	Connection Name - URL, Creds, driver. Properties for running queries (timeout, autocommit, etc)
		jdbc:sap://127.0.0.1:30015/
		credentials
		Driver Library and path to Driver class
		iotae_dataingestion -> select * from errormessage;
Story
	Very crowded Haweli so we went inside to order our regular things and also sweet dishes that I wanted to get.
	Surabhi didi - donge ko hi muh laga leti hain. Goldy Mamaji Firni, parothe in NIT Jalandhar, lassi makkhan amritsar.
	Haanji kede kolon puchh ke tambu gaade ne - paaji assi pardesi bande looking for work we will remove it in evening - jeda khilara payega and public - we don't let anyone stay and keep things clean - ok then carry on.
		st fighting - Doctor's house veg shops and angry one day - his mother had connections with counselor so they ran away at that time but later again shops came there - outta your land you can't legally remove them.
		Selection connection and keyspace by dropdown - leonardo system schema in cassandra
CS - https://mkyong.com/maven/maven-how-to-create-a-multi-module-project/
	either add all the jars while running the project that makes war to run on server.
	OR add the dependencies to the current project and make it run independently as if other modules don't even exist.
IQ - work is like multi module project - every module uses dependency and is also being used and it all culminates into good outcome - so gotta ally with 7.
	you are module of your making - you decide your dependencies and make sth available to others.
CS - IntelliJ
	Practice it for best results. E1 loves it and you will also - all software professional most popular.
	IDE, Brew, Project (lang, sdk, framework)
	Project - idea folder (intelliJ settings), src, out (binaries), iml, external libs, scratches and consoles.
	View -> Editor, File Navigator, 
	Prefs - updates like font and appearance and etc
		Keymap. cmd+o.
	File - projects, etc.
	Edit - editor, view - Presentation mode, compare with and git and dark theme.
	Navigate - but keyboards better. Code - write code faster.
	Analyse - coverage percentage and refactor section.
	Build - ant and build. Run - Run and configs. Tools - switch tasks and javadocs.
	VCS - GIT Integration, Window - restore layout, Help - Support, feedback, etc.
CS - Kafka stuff.
	Equivalent of /tmp in windows is %temp% - it's under appdata local. Removing it doesn't help restart the kafka server.
	Use tar -xzf foo.tgz to unzip in windows using git or cygwin.
	back slash means nothing to kafka code so used double slash for logs and deleted all log files (kafka and especially zookeeper) to restart the kafka server properly. Your log directory should also exist.
		id already exists - don't brute close the server gracefully do it and ensure that broker ain't already running - start a new server if necessary.
	IntelliJ version - using java version 6 - needs to be changed in multiple places. New project module java version to be used.
		gotta check the dependency hierarchy.
LIB - IQGrats - Refactor the code of Data generator for kafka 
	PST configurable from file (PST with listed keys and their types) - Make Maps for PST at runtime if not classes at compile time.
	multithreading change required.
	I suggest compile time if PSTs are limited in numbers. New Customer New PST - 
	Also, Decorator Pattern. Especially good if unlimited PSTs possible but permutation made by combination of same set (integer, string, boolean, custom value). Id instead of price.
	My preference is decorator pattern. PST classes if limited classes as per the code. Last is hashmap of hashmap from text file.
	Lambda to pass only behaviors for every variable.
	Stream for different operations on collections.
CS - MVN latest version vs most shallow one - whichever is picked.
	remove scope with value "test" in the pom else dev code won't use that dependency and hence may not compile.
LIB - Suharsh on BCP - it was blacklisted tenant so that's why it was not listening to spark job.
Story - Tell your concern head on - don't put it - let me be here today - what does it mean today - whoever comes they will park their bikes and stand on veranda - move from here by the time I come back if insistent.
	If not, then angry pyaar ki baat samajh nahi aati.
CS - GIT - git clean -n, git stash clear, git clean -fd, unzip whatever.war, jar xvf test.war, tar xzf sth
	cf ssh appName.
LIB - Environment.get(EnvironmentConstants.SPARK_SCHEDULER_DETAILS) - get by string - the contents against the string comes from codepipes deployment descriptor application.json
SocialErp - Every state IIT, IIM, AIIMS - funds from state and central collaboration for types of expenditures like NH 75% from center but ownership of state govt only.
	but sources of taxes like road tax, GST which gets divided and so forth.
CS - Slack Integration - https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks
	Create a relevant REST endpoint with slack
		Create an App in workspace 
		Activate Incoming Webhooks - create
		Add new webhook to workspace - add channel and give permissions as channel owner.
			Eg - https://hooks.slack.com/services/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
	Leverage the endpoint to write to slack workspace channel which will be informed to your client (like email on outlook)
		Postman
		Bash - curl -X POST -H 'Content-type: application/json' --data '{"text":"Hello, World!"}' https://hooks.slack.com/services/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
CS - CloudFoundry - push an app with manifest unique name and use cf apps to see all the apps - use the app url and endpoints to make postman calls.
	yaml didn't find expected key - gotta convert json to yaml - https://www.json2yaml.com/
	manifest.yml containing folder is pushed - so even multimodule project - we push only the war file thru the specified manifest.yml and not other modules 
		dependencies already came thru pom of war waala module.
	cf ssh appName for all the details of container - what shows up after war is unpacked and cf's processing.
CS - curl on windows
	https://develop.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001069127#win
	https://develop.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001068567-Installing-and-using-cURL
CS - IntelliJ Find - Shift+Shift; Ctrl+Shift+F.
LIB - Environment of codepipes deployment descriptor gets added when master deployment thru jenkins happens - of master branch of the git - going thru pipeline takes some time.
CS - Spring faces problems when default package is used for application and other packages should also use same prefix as that of application else problem comes.
CS - Kafka - https://dzone.com/articles/running-apache-kafka-on-windows-os
	https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-install-and-run-apache-kafka-on-windows/
LIB - problem of Error: getaddrinfo ENOTFOUND in postman cuz credentials not for correct system, tenant, space, etc - JWT changed tenant space from stakeholder monitoring to sandbox monitoring and it started working.
LIB - in sandbox space, deploy your own MDS and use that in your DTE testing - it doesn't work in sandbox space for some weird reason.
CS - Tomcat not starting - clean is ok but st not just port problem but mapping problem in web.xml that tomcat won't start with illegal details there.
EQ - Psychological impedance is bound to be there across persons. The reasons can be generation, state, city, nation, gender, economics, etc - different dimensions.
	So, whether you have a transcendental purpose to unite is the question. Like Friendship, relationship.
	Attitude towards these differences can be celebrate differences (cultural variety), appreciate, accept, tolerate, fight.
EQ - HomeErp is streaming of grats vs SocialErp which is batch grats.
Sume - merc pharma top 10 in eu - scm analytics reporting front end tools like tableau, R, python, etc.
CS
	Strategy - Class behavior at runtime.
	Observer - trigger a behaviors in subscribers.
	Template Method - abstract behavior extracted out.
	Command - commands to behavior mapping.
	Mediator - middleman for communication.
	Memento - state recall.
	State - behavior changes with state.
	Structural
	Adapter - Make class behave like other.
	Facade - representative class for encapsulating all behaviors.
	Composite - Make object and composition behave similarly.
	Decorator - add combination permutation of similar behaviors.
CS - Kafka vs bridge pattern - within application vs across applications communication.
Scrum - Log4J, remote debugging, Spark, kafka, Lambda Java8 threads executorService.future, Performance KT, MDS technical overview, etc.
CS - find any text file under current folder having a text content - findstr /s /i "text" *.txt
MMA Logs - 
	JMeter script working
    Gone thru codes
    Monitoring context name supported
    Exception to be worked on
    Jmeter worked and GIT PR triggered for merge
	Item - Security fixes in DTE. Vulnerabilities.
	avro libs and tomcat vulnerabilities to be fixed - contact abhishek. vulnerabilities from him and kunal for details.
LIB - Jmeter - starts and stop scripts immediately - that's cuz csv extension in the file is missing.
	given a task - questions on requirements whom to contact and DTE repos not gone thru so should I have questions whom I could contact.
	Metering in different units - ae and noah - 100 or 1000 factor. This becomes important for pricing - which tenant or customer is inputting how much data.
	Data existence to hana worklist table writing - async script.
	dte e2e delay is another runner responsible for reading the high level aggregated info from spark - e2e delay not individual.
	1 hr not persisted so it fails to read but either last e2e call should succeed inspite of all the timers or fire it separately between the timerange - we don't delete the artifacts related to this cuz we know that it fails.
Story - I will throw you from terrace 5th floor and she was about to slip and heartbeats could be heard outside.
Story - Udhampur visiting friends in army areas - vikram park, school left side gate entry to a school friend in intermediate, and basketball courts. English teacher's son birthday - his name is tufaan. Grihasta's deity installation in JSR and I liked Krishna's reciprocation statements which got ridiculed (and with a good reason). Sakchi Gaudiya Math. Shankar Pandit's place in jungle. Demigod's temple once for katha. Water filling seva to start with. Never got the debt of money from alumni but enormous gratitude.
LIB
	DataTransferApp
		REST - ping pong
		Runner - runnerManagerBean.run
LIB - Use browse button on JMeter to load the jtl results.
Story - pinka told to south indian.
CS - Application server vs Web server communication - server exposes this business logic through a component API, such as the EJB (Enterprise JavaBean) component model found on J2EE (Java 2 Platform, Enterprise Edition) application servers.
Story - climbing iron rods in udhampur for 3 story building and didn't know how to get down.
HomeErp - Singhara with black salt, Brinjal kacharis.
HomeErp - gamifications - tongue twisters - unt uncha, chandu ke chacha, she sells sea shells, kacha papad pakka papad.
Story - found out that laptop wasn't charging due to laptop fan being connected to usb.
Story - yol cantt independently walking to Helipad-point cuz I was being denied something.
	Army Public school - auto driver didn't show up so Independent walk to home but that happened to be bit too far.
	Kargil park shehtoot, kargil park huge nahar entering into bigger canal.
Scrum - Architect client means completeness of realm viz SVAF 
	does that mean I work on everything every time but that's delusion.
	No, this means that I work as per proper scrum model as stated below.
	Epics are in every features of the use case like say ashram or say varna. I don't work on every epic in every sprint.
	There are some backlogs written for different releases as per deficiencies or fantasies experienced in the epics. Think Application areas in BYD.
	Those backlogs are quite big chunks of work to be taken all a once so break them down into stories for daily scrum evaluation. Think e-invoicing in SRM.
	Epic is sth customer can understand from an architect.
		Backlog is something that architect can explain to another architect. It has small bearing to customer if existing feature or big deal if new feature.
		Story is a unit of work that developer can work on at a time with end result contributing the backlog's bigger picture. Think UI creation for e-invoicing.
	Eg - spirituality 
		there are so many epics to potentially work on but we write down in resume to find out backlogs to work on in a release 
			or its portion in a sprint.
		Everyday doable task to get there would be a user story like listen this lecture.
	Eg - Ashram - what's the backlog to work on in this sprint as per my resume s.t it looks more complete and wholesome.
Scrum / Sume - My life can be divided into phases till now.
	Kid (baby, toddler b4) - PIES introduced - world familiarized.
		Amritsar - Foods, Trips (Delhi, South India). Bus, Auto.
	Teens (Tweens) - PIES Cherrypicked Growth
		Udhampur (Sr Sec and High School or intermediate), Jamshedpur, VOICE, Lots of trips, Trains Travels, NPTEL, Infy.
	20s - PIES Wide and Deep Exploration
		Infy, ISKCON, IIITB/Siemens, SAP ByD, Flights.
		2011-2013m - SQ; 2013m-2015m - Health or foundation; 2015-2017 - IQ; 2017-2019 - EQ.
	30s - PIES Structured Streaming (Standardized, stabilized)
		SAP NSME, LIB, Driving.
		2019-2021 - Architect Client. 2021-2023 - Architect Server - horizontal (Planned). 2023-2025 - Leader - vertical included (Planned).
PIES - AI so that reliance on ML is less. Plan things well so that you don't have to go thru huge penalty for gradient descent learning.
	REL We plan for good speech and then learn whatever little falls short.
SocialErp
	Kshatriya is basically positive side of goons. So, India needs positive goons; India suffered in the past cuz of lack of proper positive goons.
	English people ruled and there was no1 who thought politics of that scale - no messing with them. Small politics can be witnessed in businesses so psychology manipulation is a foundational utility for all the varnas.
	Create Loose ends for linked list of work - All things that you need to work on (perfectionist for continuum of work)
	Bumper, Car - coolant, water sprinkler, engine oil blackness - only 3 things noteworthy under the car bonnet. Others include battery, engine, etc.
		Tyre alignment - tyre weight to avoid wobbling at high speed (Chhake fitted), Tyres steering alignment and bend for good speed.
		Dents - 1 fake mechanic said problem with clutch while we had travelled to Ghaziabad with it. So gotta know good mechanics already and don't visit such fake ones again.
			Confirmed with another expert mechanic with quick drive gave firm judgment - eth right with clutch but with bonnet fixing. Ladi uncle said no problem but still confirmed it. So, observe that external vs internal behavior - good service in any case.
		Bonnet - Only nut to be fitted and fevicol but pretend as if lots of work - gotta open bonnet - ok; so how much time and secondly how much will you charge. Plz buy this stuff also - ok, but tell eth at once so that I don't have to go there again - already for tube bulb for fog lamps.
	Uncle vs Bhaji - papaji cuz obviously I call him bhaji.
	100 Rs favor + 50 Rs of work. Which makes sense cuz travel to Ropar takes 600. Overall an excellent deal. For 150 Rs of giving favor, we got convenience, best service and perhaps some bargains (not really but ok).
	Gobhi Parotha with Tea - reliving primary school experience.
	RSP on kirtan telling hey dance in small circles - this is psychological trick but is it bad? it's not just good, it's awesome. It sends message to Maharaj and also to other listeners about the attitude expected.
	Doesn't like to be at home - money comes from outside.
Sume - SocialErp - Amritsar
	Amritsar to
		to Kanyakumari
		to Haridwar.
		to Udhampur thru
			...
		From Udhampur to
			Gulmarg thru
				Ramban - Batot.
				Anantnag
				Pulwama
				Budgam
				Srinagar - Jhelum
				Gulmarg - Baramulla
			Jammu (Tawi is tributary of Chenab) to
				Katra (Reasi)
				Rajouri, Poonch (Friends)
			Leh Ladakh thru
				Kurd, Mantalai, Kud, Patnitop, Batote, Doda, Kishtavad, Kargil, Leh Ladakh.
		to Jamshedpur or Tatanagar thru
			JnK
				Jammu Tawi (JAT)
				Samba (SMBX)
				Hira Nagar (HRNR)
				Kathua (KTHU)
			Punjab
				Pathankot (PTK)
				Dina Nagar (DNN)
				Gurdaspur (GSP)
				Dhariwal (DHW)
				Batala Junction (BAT)
				Amritsar Junction (ASR)
				Jandiala (JNL)
				Beas (BEAS)
				Jalandhar City (JUC)
				Jalandhar Cant (JRC)
				Phagwara Junction (PGW)
				Phillaur Junction (PHR)
				Ludhiana Junction (LDH)
				Rajpura Junction (RPJ)
				Ambala City (UBC)
				Ambala Cant Junction (UMB)
			Haryana
				Shahbad Marknda (SHDM)
				Kurukshetra Junction (KKDE)
				Karnal (KUN)
				Panipat Junction (PNP)
				Sonipat (SNP)
				Subzi Mandi (SZM)
				Delhi (DLI)
			UP
				Ghaziabad (GZB)
					Chola (CHL)
				Khurja Junction (KRJ) - Bulandshahar
				Aligarh Junction (ALJN)
				Hathras Junction (HRS)
				Jalesar Road (JLS) - Etah
					Tundla Junction (TDL)
				Firozabad (FZD)
					4 Junction (SKB)
				Etawah (ETW)
					Bharthana (BNT)
				Phaphund (PHD) - Auraiya
				Jhinjhak (JJK) - Kanpur Dehat
					Rura (RURA)
					Panki (PNK)
				Kanpur Central (CNB)
				Fatehpur (FTP)
				Allahabad Junction (ALD) - Prayagraj
					Meja Road (MJA)
				Vindhyachal (BDL) - Mirzapur
					Mirzapur (MZP)
					Chunar (CAR)
				Roberts Ganj (RBGJ) - Sonbhadra
					Churk (CUK)
					Chopan (CPU)
					Renukut (RNQ)
					Duddhinagar (DXN)
					Wyndhamganj (WDM)
					Nagar Untari (NUQ)
			Jharkhand
				Garhwa (GHQ)
					Garwa Road (GHD)
				Daltonganj (DTO) - Palamu
				Barwadih Junction (BRWD) - Latehar
					Latehar (LTHR)
					Tori (TORI)
				Khalari (KLRE) - Ranchi
				Patratu (PTRU) - Ramgarh
					Barka Kana (BRKA)
					Ramgarh Cant (RMT)
				Muri (MURI) - Ranchi
					Tatisilwai (TIS)
					Namkon (NKM)
					Ranchi (RNC)
				Chandil Junction (CNI) - Saraikela
				Tatanagar Junction (TATA) - East Singhbhum.
				Another route to Rourkela thru hatia - from Muri.
					Hatia (HTE)
					Govindpur Road (GBX)
					Pokla (PKF)
					Bano (BANO)
					Orga (ORGA)
					Rourkela (ROU)
			More - SE, Saraikella, Ranchi division, Ramgarh, (Bokaro, Dhanbad, Jamtara on east separate)
		From JSR to
			to Kolkata
				Jamshedpur (East Singhbhum)
				Kharagpur (Mednipur) - Ghatshila, Baharagora.
					Hugli - 
					Nadia - Mayapur.
				Howrah - Kolkata.
					Debra, Bagnan.
				Howrah (santragachi very close)
			to Jagannath Puri
				!Rourkela
				Kharagpur
					Balasore
					Bhadrakh
					Jajpur
				Cuttack
				Bhubaneshwar (Khurda) - Sakshi Gopal.
				Puri
		To Pune thru
			Punjab
				Amritsar Jn - ASR
				Beas - BEAS
				Jalandhar City - JUC
				Jalandhar Cant - JRC
				Phagwara Jn - PGW
				Ludhiana Jn - LDH
				Ambala Cant Jn - UMB
			Haryana
				Jagadhri - JUD
			UP
				Saharanpur - SRE
				Muzaffarnagar - MOZ
				Meerut Cant - MUT
					Meerut City - MTC
				Ghaziabad - GZB
				[H Nizamuddin - NZM
				Faridabad - FDB]
				Mathura Jn - MTJ
			Rajasthan
				Bharatpur Jn - BTE
					Bayana Jn - BXN
				Hindaun City - HAN - Karuali.
					Shri Mahavirji - SMBJ
				Gangapur City - GGC - Sawai Madhopur
					Sawai Madhopur - SWM
				Kota Jn - KOTA
				Bhawani Mandi - BWM - Jhalawar
			MP
				Shamgarh - SGZ - Mandsaur
				Nagda Jn - NAD - Ujjain
				Ratlam Jn - RTM
				Meghnagar - MGN - Jhabua.
			Gujarat
				Dahod - DHD
				Godhra Jn - GDA
				Vadodara Jn - BRC
				Surat - ST
			Maharashtra
				Mumbai
					Borivali - BVI
					Dadar - DDR
					Mumbai Central - BCT
				Pune Train ...
		Pune to
			Some - Satara, Sangli, Kolhapur, Amravati, Akola, Latur, Nagpur.
			To Mumbai - Pune, Khandala, Lonavala, Thane, Mumbai.
			To Nashik - Ahmadnagar, Nashik.
			To Ujjain / Indore
				Maharashtra
					Pune
						Chinchvad - CCH
						Lonavala - LNL
					Panvel - PNVL - Raigad.
					Vasai Road - BSR - Thane	
					Boisar - BOR - Palghar
				Gujarat
					Vapi - VAPI - Valsad
						Valsad - BL
					Surat - ST
					Bharuch Jn - BH
					Vadodara Jn - BRC
					Godhra Jn - GDA - Panchmahal
					Dahod - DHD
				MP
					Ratlam Jn - RTM
					Nagda Jn - NAD
					Ujjain Jn - UJN - within.
					Indore - within.
			To Jamshedpur thru ...
			To Jagannath Puri thru...
			To 
			To Mathrua thru...
			To Gulbarga thru...
		To Bangalore thru - once for Surabhi didi to IIT Madras and once for reverse trip to Amritsar.
			...
		From Bangalore to
			to Coorg / Mysore thru
				Bangalore
				Ram Nagara
				Mandya (Sri Rangapatna)
				Mysore - within.
				Kodagu (Coorg) - within.
				Some - Hassan, Belgaum, Tumkur, Gulbarga, Chikmanglur
			To Goa
				...
			To Mahabalipuram
				...
			To Nowhere
		To Kolkata thru.
		To Nangal thru.
		To Ghazibad thru.
	5 rivers
		Satluj - Bhakra Nangal Dam.
		Beas - merges into Satluj.
		Ravi - Amritsar, pathankot and Gurdaspur.
		Chenab - Kishtavad Dams, Doda, Ramban (Batot), Reasi.
		Jhelum - Srinagar but almost all the districts.
SocialErp - Train plans s.t hierarchy of train travels - connect across divisions first thru many trains. Connect within divisions.
HomeErp (SocialErp) - Amritsar Cloth market - bade papaji but after 65 war - eth moved to ludhiana.
	Chemicals making shambhunath sons Bauji used to work in but internal feud happened among brothers and vs Delhi newest technology defeated it. Papaji worked on chemicals only.
SocialErp - Kamla harris 370 Human rights and foreign minister (Foreign secretary b4; son of subrahmanyam Swami) refused to meet her - no standing on indian scale.
	We would rather refuse entry of vice prez if not condusive to India. Can't change decisions overnight. 4 bills in our favor - b4 and after there's difference. India is only hope for US against china and pakistan. Nikky from Ludhiana in our favor.
PIES - Relationship - Respect each other vs tolerate each other.
Scrum - scrum updates should be excitement - it's sharing what you have achieved - it should be fun. And sharing what you are excited for work on next - aggression is expected to show up in your demeanour right.
CS - Spirit of Spark and Hadoop is similar to SQL, Python Pandas (or descriptive analytics) with all data engineering stuffs but on a big data scale and leveraging the framework.
	Data Structures - Python numpy for matrices and vectors is precursor like ADT in JAVA. Spark with equivalent Data structures. Inbuilt in R.
	Resulting Visualization - Matplotlib, Spark natively supports visualization libraries in Python, ggplot in R.
	Exploration Inference - Past Explained - Trends, Theories - SciPy; ; T-Test inbuilt in R. Spark ML Stats.
		https://towardsdatascience.com/inferential-statistics-series-t-test-using-numpy-2718f8f9bf2f
	Predictive - Future Prescriptions - Scikit Learn, Tensorflow, keras; SparkML; R Libs.
Sume - PersonalErp - NFP
	Pattern - Chewing the chewed - same substance different forms (flavors). Always disliked it => did sth about it. Evolution of Anarth Nivritti standardization.
	Photographs. Keep it sizzling at home. gulmarg traveller. Press based. Explore and flush!
	Modeling, Waterworld. Titanic. 2 sec break. Relatives. Depress. Yoga! Peer Baba!
	Biology book - parallel processing, Terrace. Murder movie. Sneak peak. Fantasmagoria in buses. Britney preg. Jism movie. 
	Dictionary Pix. Discs introduced. Internet GPRS - Sword. Looking for a differentiator; Prayers!
	BA / BP butterfly. Top 100. n ppl club. while Bath. Monica Belucci. Movies - Devil's advocate. Stiletto Dance. Touch with a trick. Cup them. Dreamers. Hand maneuver. Choosing VOICE again with perseverence! Fever and Sobs with heart pain of separation! Tablets from doctor and Patanjali! Self Chain Beating! Altar! Itch over the body! Fever on drinking!
	Mirror view. Body Paint revisited. Sandwich. Choosing a right place Pune!
	Horse ride and google ideas. Top actors. Don't spit here. Under the surface shit. Choosing bugs over shit! CCP Lectures! BGP Lecture in spite of dejection!
	Reading shit. Indian intro. GOT sneak peaks. Tossing. Movie Clips. NFP Club PMO! Yoga and Gym and revelation with suggestions from him!
	GOT. True Detective. Vimeo - Mermaids, calendar, Duval Street. in the snow. Braindead. LStory3. 70s and countries - brother charlie. Funny NPranks! Walk! Prayaschit! Yoga! Omkar hours! No I/N Access - Reward Punishment!
	YT - bashful cute BP; Spartacus. Engg Drawing different views. Amateurs on smartphone with google autosuggestion; Hollywood best. Hula Hooper. Extra work! Streamlining knowledge starts!
		Types - 2,3; colors; OON, NFCM, CFNM, ENF. They like it so Take it for granted.
	Standardized dott practices. Contra sandwich. Systematic study of making and practice.! Standardized set up for evolution! Ayurved, Yoga, NFP! Counters - Positives > Negatives.
	Dimunition phase - Think of it as face and like stereotypical face is used to invoke attraction (but it's not cuz of different biological results)
		Curiosity that I didn't act on - SQ - NFP - Soap, scrubbing, mirror, bird, butterfly. Songs. onoc unlike oon, jalidar or transparent.
SQ - NFP - What's wrong with it - nothing, it's just one of the possible courses of action which is taking your consciousness way too low in its proper practice but otherwise, it's unnatural and addicitve is the biggest wrong thing.
Scrum
	Agile Gantt - For big picture - track work-in-progress, status.
		visualize work of the team at portfolio level.
		Easily spot resource overload
	Scrum - Theme, Epic, Backlog, Story, subtasks.
CS - In OSS community work any such version update has recursive affects of updates required to affected products or components.
	Oracle General Patch Advisory
		periodically receive reports of attempts to maliciously exploit vulnerabilities - for which security patches are released.
		Oracle therefore strongly recommends that customers remain on actively-supported versions and apply Critical Patch Update security patches without delay
		reproducibility relevant information is released for now to customers without too much details.
	REL - We updated TSS library - all consuming apps must do the adoption for safety.
	Oracle Patch
		Description.
		Risk Matrix - base score, danger, protocol, attack complexity, CIA boolean
		Work around - until patch deployment you can block network protocols or restrict previliges which are both not practical.
		Credits - Recognized ppl for contribution to security in depth.
		Patch Info - contents, product component, Risk matrix, other CVE refs addressed, additional included patches with this critical patch.
CS - Log4J
	name property_variables
	appenders = appender1
		appender.appender1.[type, name, layout type, layout pattern, etc]
		More - filename may use property_variables
	rootLogger - level, appenderRefs, stdout.ref
	Logger (actual thing) - file, name (package name), level, appenderRefs (appender1), appendRef.file (filename to write to)
CS - JAVA Email integration
	https://jaxenter.com/java-app-emails-smtp-server-164144.html
	https://www.tutorialspoint.com/javamail_api/javamail_api_checking_emails.htm
	https://www.tutorialspoint.com/javamail_api/javamail_api_fetching_emails.htm
	https://www.javatpoint.com/example-of-receiving-email-using-java-mail-api
IQ - Story, strategy. wide portfolio.buy as 1 SKU. strategy paper s.t 1 north star arch.
	Successfactor into SAC. NPS - Net Promoter Score - onboarded and goes thru system.
	kafka topic creation during for hybrid model during mds subscription - recall Sathya's talk on how tenant subscription happens - then this call gets made.
CS - Maven - JAR (Group / Project) / package / class.
	kafka_2.11-2.4.0.tgz means kafka server 2.4.0 jar which is compatible with scala version 2.11
		kafka client doesn't use the prefix at all so no confusion there - just use same 2.4.0 jar for kafka client.
	kafka client and servers are of same versions.
LIB - IQGrats - Figured it out - zkClient Library and class is no longer supported for latter versions of kafka and so while we are on scala 2.11 i.e using the ZKClient class in our code we are restricted to 2.3.1 as upper limit - we must change the code going forward to a greater version of scala and / or java.
	how? compared the mvn dependency tree and observed that zkClient jar wasn't even coming. package and class already know from compilation error - which jar it should have belonged to - can be found online also. This class discontinued from version 2.4.0 and so our code won't work after this.
	Amusement hour (especially problem solving) is so important - it has given me analytical thinking as a gift beside on the field experience.
	Actually we are consuming from java but 2.11 of scala captures our java requirements from kafka.
	Lapse - forgot the major version updates are always more sensitive than minor version updates. Lapse is also IQGrats cuz you identified it.
CS - Maven - explored .m2 directory repository -> 
	It keeps group and artifact directories containing the jar files ultimately along with pom (writing dependencies) 
	mvn install at runtime gets all specified pom in a tree from offline .m2 directory and place them on classpath - how? don't care for now.
	Also only new dependencies are downloaded not all everytime but we have pom containing all kinda range versions.
	Observed that m2 directory has specification for remote repository also.
LIB - Lapse - Why is thing not getting created thru post in jmeter - cuz 40X resource not found, then jdbc error. further still the app is stopped and not running.
LIB - JMeter - use Browse to open the results tree again.
Amusement
	Chess
		Corner the person - force person to behave in ways that lead to checkmate and strategize in all other times.
		You can leverage a capability to attack an opponent - equal capability then no gain. Situation orchestration that your capabilities give a leverage and other's capabilities can't hurt you or respond to your attacks.
		So, the game of chess is all about strategy to get to those ends. Every move is intended with an end result attack in mind while saving your pieces.
		Given a state you already have some attacks possible and some defenses to make - every gitti in chess is to be seen as lines of attack it is capable of and rule out the possibilities - the greater the heuristics the better for game.
		You are Safe under attack if still have a backing attacker.
		victim runs to one of the safe spots - reducing the safe spots to 0 for the opponent is whole idea.
	Puzzle - not solved yet.
		12345678910 - k kills k+1, then k=k+2 repeats. all k+2i+1 gets killed by k+2i. where k = 1. 99 kills 100.
		13579 - k kills k+2, then k=k+4 repeats. all k+4i + 2 get killed by k+4i. 99 kills 1. 1 had already killed 3. 5 killed 7.
		k+8i+4 gets killed by k+8i. 99 kills 9.
		Fine otherwise but being cyclic, k changes.
		0001
		0101
		1001
IQ - SKU - Company, Brand, Model, Flavor / Variant, Pack size combination to unique identify a product.
	every SKU caters to a unique user group's need.
CS - SonarQube. Automated code review. Sonar Cloud for analytics of code in company drill down. Technical debt - easy to market but maintenability.
	sonarlint plugins, integration to jenkins, maven, ant, gradle. Unit testing.
	Duplicate, code coverage, code complexity, FOSS in n languages.
Scrum - 6 Morning Habits of high performers
	success < Personal development - success follows latter.
	S - Silence - peaceful purposeful silence for wisdom. Woo woo away from. Meditation to clear mind. 6 ideas for today. Tap into genius. Peace or set intention.
		Judge experience is not silence.
	A - Affirmations. Written statements to sth of value. Lying ain't that. Flowery language.
		I am vs goal committed to. And why? Activities committed to get there.
	V - Visualization - Athletes do it. Gone there in mind. Visualize the activity not just goal with a smile. As 3rd person or 1st person.
	E - Boost your energy with morning exercise - jumping jacks in 7 minutes - you can't be lazy. Apps are there.
	R - Reading Book - Read few pages each day - any problem we may have, there's a book for it. Even 10 pages means 10 books a year - you are a different person End of the year.
	S - Scribing (Writing) - Journaling. Grateful and Plan for today. So already amazing and better is coming.
	Misc - all challenges will help you to be where you have to be.
PIES - Papa reminded about need to travel to Bangalore which should ideally have sprung in my head
	Gotta RC, Insurance, Pollution certificate, car cover, New Laptop, ICICI CC closure or debit card issue or password, etc.
Story - cracked the password at Nangal. Of course, later asked anyway so a whitehat hacker.
CS - Spring is developing Model layer objects using beans - bean being specification of an object. Useful for unit testing.
	Springboot being equivalent of jersey - controller standardizations. Also do away with web server.
LIB - IDEA - For JMeter testing individual scripts testers should use stubs for other apps - they should just be taken for granted.
Movie - Mahabharat, Ramayan, Chanakya.
Story - this means that for life even I have 4400 Rs remaining and for Chair I have 16500 remaining.
	FLEXBEN OCT 20	81341365	2856	176012084	1341365	81341365/FBAN	Saurabh Devgun	Health and Wellness Wearable Health Devices	447000	Flex
	FLEXBEN OCT 20	81341365	673	176012084	1341365	81341365/FBAT	Saurabh Devgun	Health and Wellness Wearable Health Devices	447000	Life  Event
CS - Javascript, lerna gave help in the multimodule project the dependencies outside of all the modules are used to have common dependencies declared.
	Eg - Financial DU had only dependencies from 2 other modules added to node_modules - s4hanaone-foundations and s4hanaone-common ?"to be added to its classpath".
	But at runtime we will also need x4 libraries in financials where are they coming from? They are coming from central dependencies declared in the package.json
	once npm install is done at project root, we can isolate our module and start working on it.
	Think of it this way all the dependencies of parent project automatically seep into the dependent jar or war making.
	A comment in parent project helps - These deps are inherited only by the modules that declare them.
CS - Maven - dependency:resolve (copy-dependency), mvn dependency:tree, clean, compile, test, package, install, deploy.
SocialErp - Finance Department is mother or heart of all departments. Teacher Transfer by HRA and Arrears by Finance Dept. Salary of govt employees and sactioning the grant as per budget and allocation as per plans from politics and bureaucrats comply.
	Scams by politicians when poor quality delivered and claims for higher value like Commonwealth scam.
	RTGS NTFS and IMPS are all proposed by Govt politicians and seek secretary advises to chalk out the plan as witnessed in other countries.
	Bureaucrats give plans and implement - comply. So we have to thank cabinet ministers and secretaries for such services.
	Government is offering of reusable services like trains and also giving framework thru constraints eg - every business must comply with to be recognized (legal).
CS - Scala Compiler plugin to compile it and then it is not any different from java class.
Scrum
	Monitoring - Pavan to review after sonarQube generic exceptions are removed.
	DTE - Test stuck by BCP for Things service not deployed.
LIB - Monitoring Modules
	WebApp
	Consumer
	Producer
	CSWTenantBlacklist
	ConnectionVerfication
	TrafficSeparation
	DataExistence
	Derivation
	DTE
	Commons
	Spark
	Kafka
	Cassandra
	CSW
	More
		Exceptions
			Connection, ConsumerPoolExhausted, JobInitialization, MonitoringException, ServiceUnavailable.
			Cassandra - CassandraMon, InvalidDate, InvalidTime, TimeRangeTooLarge.
SocialErp - Bureaucrats != Govt jobs. They are the machinery of government - think HR, FIN, etc departments of company except the core SCM. This comes in all the tiers.
	secretary comes with a proposal to cabinet minister or vv. It is very respectable - when they speak, a lot is at stake. They have to have vision.
	In politics your every statement is a move in chess and all other players on your side or other, are affected differently by it.
	So, cuz of responsibility that lies on your shoulders, it is a very respectable field. Also like in chess every gitta may wanna make a move but overseer decides the best move.
	So syllabus change in India - this must have either been initiated or supported by general secretaries in IAS.
	Sometimes, cabinet minister sends secretaries to learn from some foreign systems that work well.
CS - Method Reference vs bracket nesting.
	Optional, OrElse
	https://www.javatpoint.com/java-8-optional
Story - Brihaspati Pr story of IISc problem then to IIM. Syami Abortion story (didn't want but chance - thinking excuses to not do it).
	Vikram Sir asking me for invigilation story and checking papers story. Quick numericals but wrong once then rise on bench and how's the weather there - his notes would all be on the board.
	Udhampur - Balcony view PGT so spacious. Dalda in every bhujia so once in a while.
	Not made CR in 12th cuz bad experience as monitor in 11th but good for me. You did blunder - Principal to Surabhi didi.
Relp - Adjectives in relationships - Short Tempered, Playful, naughty, humorous/ hilarious/ jolly, funny, 
	different layers - 
		G - eager, faithful, 
		I - agreeable, convincing, ambitious, 
		E - calm, 
		F - gentle, 
Relp - Telling a girl that she is beautiful means a lot to her (Appreciation).
Relp - Austerity of thanks and appreciation both are important - but with genuineness and heart felt - discussions purpose is align or come to same page. All think they are right but if open minded for new eg and new angles of vision then better understanding for e1 emerges or may come for 1 person but not for other cuz not convincing enough.
	raise case studies. Will you say thanks for locking the room? no thank for responsibilities vs thanks on retrospection.
Relp - The problem is you are very against politics. You hate it like hell. Because of which I refuse to play the game where this is going on.
	I don't recognize politics or psychological manipulation or psychological maneuvering as a valid and legitimate study of life.
	Because of which "you don't persist with verbal debates and back out in short run"
	If you smash every political move a person makes and start to punish it, the other person's whole framework is being put to threat.
	Politics should be recognized and respected as a reality of ashram life (even varna life, even spiritual life in worldly terms) 
		this should be given space, accepted, celebrated (jokes) and even responded to, in similar way or accordingly. 
	More over, it should not happen explicitly unless intended as a joke.
		talking what is going on but implicitly you don't say it but you start giving lesser time to the person you don't like to be with - with excuses of course.
		you make excuse and unplug your phone. You tell a reason and move on with whatever you wanted anyway.
		My thing is I am clear with what I want and don't give a dang to others unless I have agreed to it beforehand and I feel committed towards that agreement or commitment.
	Perhaps my refusal to accept political facade of life could have caused disturbance even in my relationships.
	Like Syami maintains a facade of being a fun loving guy but internally is fully devoted to his work. So facades are really important in ashram life.
	Please learn to accept ashram and varna as facades of spiritual normal selves and these facades are games which should be played as they are intended to be played.
	11th class chapter - chaplusi ek kala hai. Punjabi university prof said work you do but also favor. cuz it works - Birbal to Akbar I gotta work for you not brinjal. Bali Madam experience and Charu Mausi's bad experience of cross questioning boss.
	To get to an ego concretely, it takes not just talent but right communication also and communication should also follow etiquettes 
		what are etiquettes anyway - they elicit best response from people that's short term politics or paristhitik politics
		and chess like politics to elicit final outcome of situation is long term politics - both are important in life. 
		It's ingrained and should be hated - it is like people get encouraged to do the right thing for MOP based reasons. Even pegions fight over morsels but they should still be fed and not hated for that fight.
	Even after knowing the importance of politics in day today life I forget and end up acting in ways that are naive cuz of lack of practice.
	Don't hate polity but be in love with study of psychology and its application - worth playing in transactional data and talking in master data, analytical data and being prepared in configurational data.
Sume - SocialErp - Amritsar - Drive to Golden Temple, Ramteerth, ISKCON, Durgyana Temple, Fort Gobindgarh, etc.
EQ - Vivah
	Client / Server - Adhikar while selection and kartavya for preparation for the relp. Be client while selecting and be server afterwards.
	1. SVAF not negative and only positive AMAP. Check how gratifying experience you have. How stable will your other aspcts of life be - helpful, neutral or negative.
	2. PersonalErp - Not just obvious QA but first hand experience of how gratifying is it for you.
		Spiritual grats - my Yoga or devotion will grow. I will make her devotion grow.
		Self worth grats and services - values and beliefs based and also worldly.
		Intel grats (how better you enjoy achievements and offer achievements to others)
		manoranjan grats (my enjoyment increase with her and I don't feel my fascinations are unfulfilled; I fulfill her heart wishes to enjoy) - having things in common and excited to talk about - like children playing.
		sensual and working senses - unanimous enjoyment.
	3. HomeErp, SocialErp and ScienceErp - be client and be a server - networking, grats - how social is she, how well she can handle home, how much she loves nature and psychology.
	Here I have primarily focussed on MOP side (grats) and MOG (CRUD and CMAT are ideal but can come later); MOI let go or ignore (while hacking into gratification) should be very time specific.
	cuz practically speaking we go to MOG from MOP and unfulfilled desires in ashram then what's the point to enter it at all - first is dharma of soul but we in material world so dharma of ashram which includes the dharma of the soul but has more details cuz it considers that you are a conditioned soul.
	It is important to study what lapse happened with all of my case studies.
Relp - How to get a gf
	Identify avenues (universal, event based) -> Devp Formal (public; transactional or master) -> Devp Informal (friend, protected; log seeking) -> Devp Intimacy (private)
	Matrimony is yet another avenue with head on target but family pressure ensure fast traversal thru the chain. But do this mindfully else lapse happens.
Relp - rituals like pairipainna, hug b4 sleep.
Relp - an ideal son does not only know how to behave but also takes initiatives to raise the people or family around him.
Story - Health - collar for migraine to show POP cracking on top.
Relp - Some factors that matter for marriage
	NIC - N for V, I for +, C for -. Gotta SR then eval for best fit.
	Sp
	Eg
	In
	Me
	Se
	I can't give approval authorization to someone else. Maybe taking guidance from them is fine - can't say no after emotions get involved (don't believe in hurting)
		there are layers to it - involved parties and families and society at large, etc.
	can we talk
	reference
	when are you free
	when and where to meet
	Black Pearl, any preference in restaurants, or any preference in botanical garden, etc.
	or I can come where you stay and then decide on the run time.
	no judgments - later on maybe - not haan naa meeting but getting to know each other
Relp - Communication Also - Every person is multidimensional and familiarity breeds contempt cuz focus goes on all other dimensions that a person may be normal at or even bad at. This applies to spirituality, family, etc.
Relp - cuz 1 phil point is to speak right thing at wrong time is wrong.
Relp - I post on facebooks for those to whom my picture matters and not for others.
	you can even consider moving others out of your friend list - but you don't have to do that.
Lapse - any concern open up with friends; don't just live with it - of course tolerance is important but grieving for what's not worthy of it may increase your tolerance but wastes your time and effort, motivation also.
PersonalErp - Driving
	Road Controls
		Accommodate otheres. Road signs and markings. traffic signals - red amber green. Road rules.
		Road signs - no entry, one way, trucks prohibited. Compulsory bus stop, horn prohibited. No parking. Speed limit. No stopping, width limit, load limit, restrictions end sign.
			compulsory turn (blue bg and turn), stop (red hexagon), give way (upside down concentric red triangle), right reverse band (zigzag turn), narrow bridge.
			T-intersection, roundabouts, major road ahead, dangerous dip, hump or rough road, railway crossing, 
			advanced direction sign, flood gauge, park both side, re-assurance sign on distance, destination sign, place identification sign, direction sign.
		Road markings - 2 lane road overtaking allowed, discouraged, prohibited, 6 lane road.
			stop line, give way line, border or edge line, no parking line, yellow box junction, zebra crossoing for pedestrians.
	Documents - RC, DL, PC, Insurance.
		Learner - L on car. Permament DL holder in car. Address proof (ration, voter, bills) and age proof (10th, birth certificate, passport, school leaving, etc) and photos.
	Emergency - first aid, car tools for emergency.
	Pre-driving checks - wheel, fluid level (windshield washer, coolant, engine oil, etc.), ABC checks (no bottle), no loose article in driving space, seat and mirror adjustments.
		steering column, seat belt, all docs, fuel level, toilet, water, etc.
		emergency stop.
	Hand signals - stop, turn, slow, overtake, lane driving.
		MSM Routine for turn. PSL technique - mirror and should to cover blind spot, turn maintaining a lane.
	Maneuver
		reversing - steering more sensitive - low radius. use all 3 mirrors and head turn and back to mirrors and head turn. Better take help. Mirrors + shoulders.
		left turn - look to left and allow if left overtake then right conflict, stick to left lane.
		right turn - right mirror and shoulder. signal and halt. right to pass. 
		U turn - slowly.
		roundabouts - right of way to vehicles on right. choose a lane as per left, straight, right or u-turn (go innermost from former to latter). maintain speed, and exit.
		Overtaking - potentially dangerous maneuver if not done properly. Only if clear road. Let compulsive overtakers have their way. avoid in bad weather.
			if refused by vehicle ahead respect that they have more view of road. abort overtaking if vehicle ahead accelerates.
		uphill drive - parking brake and 1st gear biting point with accelerator high release parking brake.
		railway crossing - safe distance also not allowed.
		Road rage - over parking or overtaking - allow them pass (don't argue or teach them lesson), wave hand to express sorry for inconvenience and try to move off from side,
			avoid eye contact when aggressor persists and try moving to area with policemen, if very aggressive then look for a nearest police station for help.
	Speed - weather and lighting, speed as per concentration, anticipation, experience and road condition.
		stopping distance depends on speed - 100 to 0 takes 72 metres roughly or 20 car lengths. Following distance 2-sec rule.
	Parking - prefer parking, avoid no parking, not near u-turns, if must then direction of traffic not obstructing the flow (stream), handbrake, uphill then also right turn, hazard lamp in dark, not in heap of dry leaves cuz fire in heat, parked with ac on then battery gone like once happened.
		parallel parking, angular parking, perpendicular parking.
	Other road users - ...
	Safe Driving in dangerous conditions - ...
	Accident, fuel saving, etc - ...
Story - Politics - In Favor of Modi
	traveling isn't easy - jet lag and growing Indian name.
	Chinese kissa on Doklam. Brought Malya and others back.
	Israil and US support - sanctions on Muslim countries but not on Iraq and India cuz they know the consequence.
	Loan waiver, jobs - we want lesser cost and sell most by farmer who will pay more.
		sahanubhuti with every person in nation not just farmer.
		if company shuts down, does govt pay anyone's credit card bills.
		Eg - Singapore old man cleans table - power of work.
	reservations - qualification, experience, competence - skill Devp, Make in India, Entrepreneurship. All these will raise employment - some time it takes.
		some investment it takes in terms of time.
	REL you come home after trip from outside - and complaints - so empathy for PM.
	he has purity and commitment.
HomeErp - SAP Building details - ignoring the details
	eg - 23A - where is it? forgetting the A part.
	eg - where is BLR05.F06 (in solving F06 problem you forget the blr 05 part.
	eg - don't join audio - not heard! even common sense perspective - it is not necessary.
Relp - About - it's Foundational side of HomeErp. Fundamentals about relationships - may include human psychology.
Story - This is foundational side of HomeErp. News is story of SocialErp.
Communication - This is master data side of PersonalErp cuz it's a talent. May use human psychology with result of personal effectiveness.
	eg - don't join audio - not heard! even common sense perspective - it is not necessary.
SocialErp - Car buy
	Direct buy - No desperation, with friends, checked with mechanic, being smart, knows driving and can sense the rightness of the vehicle.
		collecting RC, Insurance, Pollution Certificate for further processing.
	True Value experience - Test drive first (faced problem of accelerator with clutch). see the vehicle completely and test all features with personal experience (ac, heater, music, etc)
		3.65, he quoted 3.60 - reduce cuz being old and accelerator, clutch balance (compare with swift); scratches I will repaint all within same package. But you agree that it is old right (but still wear and tear you will agree over 7 years).
		Current market price - all advantageous to my bargain - what you think the car is worth for the features you are getting and enumerating why you think so.
		3.55 I can do and goes on call; after call is over - so the maximum you can do is 3.5 is it? - yes (he has to take some stand) - no hidden costs right - no!
		what about loss of selling it after 2 years at loss of 2 lakhs straight forward.
		So much price for oldie. and 2 years later buying a new one again so ended up spending 10 lakhs for a life of 4 lakhs thru all those years while you could have enjoyed 10 lakhs worth for all those years for best quality. Huge bills for maintenance - sth of else would be going wrong for servicing (all parts wear and tear). Mehenga roye sirf ek baar.
		Bad car is good for health - no we don't buy bad pieces it is more of practice.
	Direct show room - like bike only.
		feel excited about it - feel satisfaction. Chanting thinking. Don't foolishly think color.
		Cars are all good we just need our requirements matching the car.
		start driving with simple targets then pick more demanding ones.
		Now is the time to buy new car - risk is always there - why worry - be broad minded it's natural.
	Car Pricing
		Ex-showroom price is the cost that the dealer charges for procuring the car from the manufacturer and the tax that it pays to the state government on procurement. The state government charges excise duty on cars. It is also known as the supply price of a car. ... Ex showroom prices differ from state to state.
		RTO + Insurance makes it on road price. Road tax for the year. Delivery and transport charges. What about margin of dealers.
		Ex-showroom price which is also known as car supply price is the actual asset price like a four motor vehicle and includes the cost of dealer margin, manufacturer, and transportation. Conversely, on road price comprises of the ex-showroom price and additional charges such as road tax, service and insurance charges.
		ex-showroom price includes the GST and Cess.
SocialErp - Car buying - More - No desperation, lotta time. Resell value high for maruti cars but not for others so 2nd hand for others is a good idea.
	do your home work for cars in budget - all cars are good - look at your expectations and get your money's worth.
	even for 2nd hand, the 1st hand buy analysis is a must do.
Communication - Vocab - modifiers, quantifiers or intensifiers - adjectives,
Communication - Vocab - ?Validation vs approval - validation is on state and approval is on action.
	both terms in intellectual layer.
	Meetings - contextual questions - 
		you may prepare what was to be done, why it is the way it built, how it works 
		but some questions are around - why it was built in first place (some specifics), how the larger picture uses this and where; what is this in the larger picture.
		all meetings are opportunities for getting recognition (in alignment with what you really are from within anyways)
		express your alignment with the state of art thru CRUD.
			Ideas (Create), suggestions (Update), doubts (Checks), queries/ questions (Retrieve), objections (delete), comment (property/retrieve)
Communication - Vocab
	I know - use it to stop redundant information. (for every place, it shows arrogance)
	Sure - when agreeing to proposition. 
	Ok - validation of sth.
	Hmm - I am listening.
	Big body and won't take full barfi - Sir, looks like you satired
		other responses possible - sir, bezti kar lo naam to aapka hi kharam hoga - you insult me and your name gets bad (cuz we share the names!) - to be avoided without relationship. attack jokes possible with good friendship levels.
		I feel like sweet had a flavor of sourness - only with very close this statement can be made - cuz it is revealing your feelings.
			Similarly, self deprecating jokes - ??not with juniors but with equals (not even seniors cuz it sets an image and may have repercussions).
		Moral - go with the plan and try to explain it away as you proceed with it - so that no offense felt and things are your way.
LIB - JMeter - DTE - when for e2e delay request, the assertion on response fails
	search for that timestamp in the last e2e delay call 
	or make postman call for last jmeter e2e delay step and look for that timestamp - if you get it, it's all fine. Use the Bearer token authorization (without bearer prefix for token key) for the call in postman
	in case a lot of time has passed then instead of 1 hour interval - use the timestamp range parameters call for the endpoint instead of duration call of last hour.
SocialErp - ask lawyer if extended then is there any impact on our marriage plans, do we need to disclose cuz not married. 23rd April extension. Admit ho gya. Clarifications - can we proceed - not b4 divorce, but dates not given. You are legal master so advices from you only. Don't talk about this with other party. If married, then what will be implications. Roka etc is ok but marriage after 23 April. Do we have to tell? Walk on truthful path else implications. Matter conceal da case - Dasna chahida hai, can't keep hidden - then strains in marriage. Should have used my phone for recording and thus learn from him.
SocialErp - Wanted to talk with you but never got to. Dhokha hua tha. Baat kuchh nahi hai but don't how you take it. Baat kaafi aage tak ho gayi thi. Ladki affiliated to 7 so we backed out cuz she said she is already into 7. So clarified else they do not say that we didn't tell and feel bad. Kisi ke saath bhi ho sakta hai. Date - we got ur point that she would also get time to stay with mother. Resign on 1st Jan. 25 Nov none cuz gotta think about her also. Will check about dates with pandit and tell you - this can happen to anybody. Man par bhaar tha. Why you didn't tell - clear hearted I hinted but jhemp gayi and couldn't. When came to home then also - if I had to hide, I would not have shared now also. Baat to kuchh bhi nahi - she said as soon as she arrived and told us and we sent her back - married yes and came to home yes - so no hiding but telling full information.
SocialErp - electricity bill visit the electricity board those days in queue. Cylinder call to book and slip to get it. Passport - police asked bribe from e1 but I got different police station surprisingly.
SQ - all rasas in material world show only semblance of sp reality but lacks experience in quality and quantity cuz wrong foundation and our anarthas and restrictions on reciprocation. Brahmacharya is life is more focus transcendence and less focus on regulation.
Story - New year at temple, then at gym or introspection. Singing bhajans loudly on bike. Deception by project mates when I told them that I didn't know something - that's exactly triggered at showtime. Mama open hair by chance. Helping stoned girl thru streets cuz chakkar. Coincidentally victimized for being loose with boys when boys were giving gestures - they all sat but she tried sitting late and half heartedly. Networking investment on a teacher in past and plea in present saved given that nanaji was too strict - they were supposed to be taken to parents. Eye wide open seeing plate full of sabji - he wouldn't eat sabji at all and family would joke which vitamin in this - later got diabetes and complications.
SocialErp - Don't have a certificate. Can you give in writing - yes that we have. Petition that we have filed already has this statement that no longer interested.
HomeErp - Tv remote and set top box (cable wire earlier) remote vs device controls. Channel, volume, audio source, mute, previous, view channels, pause, signal, menu, radio channels, game, set up, programs - crud. Tv signals - brightness, contrast, mute, volume, channels (don't work), timers off on, lock, zoom, scan, on off for both. Types of channels.
PIES - breaking 4 regs principles is natural in current age because of sachidanand soul. Evolution to perfection is the goal and the perfection is oneness. I did everything but still lapse why because first of all no pascattap, it's not enough though helps with subtle body so spirituality on priority - personal, impersonal, gods, aaroh, avaroh, atheism etc. Give it head on time if 1 hr ed - for AT. Also, need structured streaming of grats in all layers.
Story - Komal Sharma - you were going to do to me what they did to you. But we didn't - saved by Krishna. Of course I was insisting them to tell else I would but delayed cuz knew what this meant - also a little delay meant intimacy enough to withstand the shock.
SQ - Energy worshipped as diva - it is energy which is called ik onkar satnam, man andir told to radhaswami follower, jativad for social working, poetry so that it's not easy to change them. Jnani papa is - all conclusions are correct but seen from jnana's perspective. When in fear, we seek shelter. Different demigods vs different energies being worshipped. Temples incentivised not just as spiritual sources but also as peace sources - from BY perspective, DY, JY, KY, KK, etc. So let's not corner these institutions. It's essence seems to be fear - place for introspection - you worship outta fear like parents we don't worship - what about outta desire. Mandir jaana paap nahi hai. How we develop frameworks as per amount of logics that we can fathom - adding a statement can either incentivise growth or degradation - it mainly unsettles. When did Rama Krishna have happy lives? These are good questions from JY perspective. We worship ideals thru these personalities - only young gods not oldies. Modi is worshipped cuz of contribution right now - we are worshipping energy to attract energy. 6 opulence that we are attracted in world - cuz shakti is worshipped. Energy to be ambani - channel that energy in that direction - law of attraction. Why did I never have such effective JY communication with papa - cuz of attraction to different energies thru JY, BY and considering myself already in knowledge and not willing to suspend my understanding in favor of other world view - obviously cuz it will have expectations. Preaching means imparting energy - relate the idea is making 7 attracted to your energy thru words thru actions, etc. You see a person running and you get inspired but you cultivate same "energy form" or "energy expression" - relate that you see dancers on tv or in front and wanna dance like them. Why did I have problem with career in beginning while I am so smart cuz I was not attracted to those energy expressions manifested thru. Ppl in kali age attracted by these energy expressions - children born as per energy expression conducive for their growth. Being Punjabi is an energy - a Punjabi person on that energy may not get attracted to a specific otherwise valid energy expression - eg less fighting attitude, etc taken as combination. KC culture in a person is also has something attractive and something not so much like riches, fame, etc. A person is famous cuz he vibrates on energy that I get attracted to - clustering - we like ppl like us or how we like to be. So yes gotta vibrate as responsibility on those vibes - for healthy varna and ashram besides SVAF - you don't vibrate on ashram front as if it doesn't matter, don't be surprised if lesser allies and lesser effectiveness. I am Indian so yes I like indian songs and movies (statement by Kritika) so gotta vibrate. Youths are attractive cuz they are filled with so much energy. Some bad associations drive us to the energy expressions of anarthas which drain away our energy which if properly channelled can be hugely rewarding - channelling energy to "energy expressions" which are worthy of investment. Eg - seeing bad movies and then we wanna try them ourselves. Light from hand aito that person - such pics indicate flow of energy expressions.
HomeErp - Decision maker in home erp; giving them space vs give a narrative than following 1. Don't be obsessed with talks, while engaging talks, also be mindful of the next program, and not just for them but also others like relatives gotta call for diwali and give gifts to those nearby.
PIES - it has to be learning with penalties and rewards cuz it is not intelligence based. Guest also grat streaming is the idea. Senses grats to start with but mind and intel based more so thru service streaming (can I make it any more convenient). Engaging talks for intel ideas. Even if not intel, having enough fear and desire opens the way to acting intel and learning thru mutual discussions. Eg - I never went on car to receive them so yes, never showed that usefulness - even if you do know it makes no dang difference cuz it's never showed usefulness.
Communication - learn art of returning a burn. But also learn from the burn. That I didn't prove myself useful in that way ever. Give away these favors.
Story - I will drive it to Amritsar from Bangalore. Scissors stuck in fingers really bad.
PersonalErp - we want a fear that helps more mature plan making and not the fear that stops action. Poorly executed action is better than no action.
Scrum - no arranged marriage I want cuz that was the lapse above eth else - unwillingness, tie b4 interest, etc. I being a liability for all the relatives especially former fiance in terms of burn it gave me - of course I have exceeded in efforits which I believe in very strongly but try your best to enumerate favors - to be asset in bursts of not in streams or essence - even that is also a stream of personal grat only maybe on ego layer or intellectual layer - make a list of your usefulness. Even giving a burn in return is a favor as net practice for the other person.
HomeErp - grat streaming is also intended to maximize personal grat streaming only. Think how I can maximize my grat streaming with a person or guest at hand, spin everything towards some layer grat - thru transaction, potential transaction or stories of past. You know grats of every layer in goal and means. You can feel upset for a stimulus or spin it to yet another grat like comedy, fear, drama or hero - I ignore such things like easy. Master data, analytics etc are good but transactional is where grats lie. Master is standardization, analytics is itself a grat but is exploring to maximize grats thru plans, config is making channels of grats thru rituals. Streaming like sky fireworks, anaar in diwali, chakri also - as per physics taking different forms.
Story - Infy - current in extension socket and I feared but had to tell. Infy - I said it is in morning so stayed back for some hours even if manager didn't want so.
HomeErp - it rained so a view from terrace is worth trying.
Scrum - References from uri, etc. All historical famous events like Burma army fight. How jiju started watching history channel - always on your scrum board, literally always - there is nothing called show time. All times are showtime. Nat Geo, etc.
Story - papaji - no behre and sabji cutters for cooks which is normal in Punjab, running with work and appreciated. Mamaji - anna ka niraadar nahi karna.
Story - mobile fell in car in Bangalore. Introducing areas in Bangalore. Mobile fell from pocket when in Amritsar. Not new cuz fell at petrol pump etc. Forgot credit card at food Udupi. Paid extra, purse fell when pollution certificate. So yes a lot of lacunae exist in my ashram. Telling parents that your restriction is a problem enough that I like Bangalore more but revised that by evening that problem is me - I don't take initiative - while this is true anyways, stating that was most important because of their happiness and I felt so pacified with their happiness regained. Better be weak while serving than be strong at enjoying - from happiness hunt perspective.
PIES - SVAF grat streaming is more about service streaming than consumer streaming - service at your best - that's all. Consumer streaming is just enough that you would rather have fun yourself but evolved state is offering grat streaming which even gives high standard consumption as well.
PIES - For SVAF, Primary focus on transaction, and interspersed with transactional stories and master data discussion - added analytics and config. We can serve e1 at all times but enjoyment elicited from others is highly conditional.
SQ - all my anger against God, circumstance etc is result of lust for respect or expecting output in certain ways, etc. Of course, respect helps us serve better so ensure it's there but the converse doesn't deprive us from service. 
EQ - Host is always there for guest no matter what - this service attitude or service streaming should be the focus - love expressed and received, egos reinforced, something achieved into resume thru plans executed, entertainment like emotions triggered, sensual grats one after another. Dynamic plans evolutionary like good weather so go out.
EQ - most of the times it's people as guest or hist whi fall short and are demanding of gratification to cover their shortcomings. But from your side you focus in how you can make it interesting - for yourself and for others - jokes, service consumption, transaction, etc. No fear - of you think 7 can serve better admit that without objection - live a chill life bro.
Story - desperation risks like certificates original submitted for job, etc.home hunt at Bangalore - road inside, different places, diamond, etc quite something. Lack of ownership - fruits purchase - how much money asks papa - sorry I didn't pay attention -> then what are you here for?
PersonalErp - personal effectiveness is all about being mba (captured well by charisma on command). GD, presentation, brainstorming, jam, debate, impromptu, negotiate, impress sb, etc.
Story - bauji donated land to jatts cuz they were impoverished which they never got back - being good also has problems. Those days no North food in Bangalore - only rasam which felt like cheating - even curd was an insult. Ticket collector in train commented you Punjabis are very firm - we said you should thank for not being thrashed. Went to iisc. Air fares went down - remained same but inflation so it's cheaper. Interaction learning computers every dept - wife pinging while ias on chat. Who had thought that e1 will become jain. Health stories - got corona every body 
Communication - given health issue - curiousity about symptoms, cure - home and outside, prevention of family, source, emotional experience, etc. Or given a social reality - how is every body in relationship individually affected.
Communication - seek every story, about every one - learn the art of making them open up - cross product of e1, eth, all aspects of life, (stories or logs, knowledge of science and social, analytics, configs), different layers of EQ, different emotions, beliefs, achievement - this cross product becomes huge even if social erp threads are excluded which is itself a mesh given that it is source of income for e1 on tv for all channels.
Relp - be a communication broker and let a person open up. Relp is same as communication - temporary kept separate to focus on others and not oneself. Transaction like group photo, lunch, visit a place etc.
PersonalErp - drive - dig hit, ppl cross roads on nh at night - dangerous cuz no street lights so can't see so drive slowly. Belt issue.
Story - barber early waking hours - can you wake me up - no, it's outside maryada. What's happening to sabhyacar.
Communication - there is master data which already has books written. Every point in the book can have eg if stories at different scales and even hypothetical stories like case studies and movies.also there are logs - stories with no emotion. Analytics endless and configs for personal effectiveness.
Communication - nic+e based talks on past, present, future. Taking initiatives enumeration - festivities to the fullest, group photos, meeting people, visit places, make dishes, bring dishes, etc. Basically all layered grats that you should otherwise do, should be done with guests from interest perspective, concern perspective you gotta know where's what. Need is standard details with guest reception. Viz eyes decoration home, malls, home theater, fragrant nose, dishes after dishes inside and outside, soft cushions and conditioned temperature, ears songs, concerts. Mind - movies, YouTube. Intel - infotainment tv. Ego - ask career related queries. Spiritual - love shower. All of these things need to be done in communication also - planning, master, transaction, config, analytics in past, present, future, abstract, concrete. Exercise - no you don't make your guests do exercise but walks, casual runs are possible.
PIES - architect is supposed to know not just 1 way but all ways to make it work and can take a stand for the best way among them and can also grade them in order of preference with reasons - do whatever it takes to get there like visit places yourself that you wanna showcase your guests aka customers. Just like siot keeps doing devp with next customer interaction in focus.
Story - Surabhi didi orchestrated me and jiju to go get ice cream and network. I could see his insecurity with SAP and with cs bro but that's life - you gotta transcend insecurities in ppl.
Story - you are doing to us or were about to do to us what they did to you - resonated my supersoul's voice. Of course earlier you stop the better but it is not without stakes - they share such news with relatives. Not exactly similar cuz you have intention of staying unlike other but other person has right to know about your life events - can't you tell that on day one - ideally we should but the sooner you tell the better. Problem of being a bystander. Probs with law and ignorance of it, probs with avoiding fights. Can you see how important this study is - this all comes under ashram.
Communication - Play tryst - non veg sensitive tongue, use their main bucket for child cleaning, use blanket with wet baby - what are their limits estimated, questions with obvious no answers - have Dr Mehra contact? Creating visibility art - run backwards to update where the last person is - leader quality shown. Mamu is for enjoyment - responsibility with parents.
HomeErp - Learn the art of being co-enjoyer vs personal enjoyment. It's not easy always - eg - 7 overrides your motion or action in favor of personal enjoyment - can reason or find a new niche. Sometimes you suggestions are disregarded - you really wanna help and there are multiple ways to solve a problem - best is topic of discussion but doesn't hurt to do a second best thing, btw so suggest but don't be attached - just give inputs. In co-enjoyment the victory will belong to the leader - one who promises max group enjoyment in consensus or even most powerful personal enjoyer. Driving forces in communication - nic+e (concrete is config study, abstract is master study) - in sume, take every person and find for all their layers their nic+e eg health concern is problem going on. Health interest is yoga, gym, etc. Similarly for other layers - on all meeting, we explore all these things for every person as config details besides master and transactional details, afterwards some analytics. Different configs possible like baby in streets darshan, on terrace, next to car, playing chess, etc. These are configs on transactions, similarly configs on master is who's where wrt to layers like hobbies update on PersonalErp server layer. Story recall is transactions slicing - life is full of stories at different layers - personal experience of bike lost, eg.
HomeErp lapse - bad physics - lack of attention and water spills over mattress. Day transaction - baby health care visit, saurabh facial is his personal erp being sensual server. Sweater wash. Watering plants - interest on spiritual layer server. This interest eventually becomes a concern like even pets keeping. There's concern framework over lifetime like injection for babies, Health problems in different age groups, etc, then adaptation or responses to social news. These can be topics of discussion without track record of a person.
SQ - my default is atheism or impersonalism but I get amazed by DAG or cyclic graphs of auspicious that I see emerging from life events.
SocialErp - form filling, consultation, tests and medical sales for services and products including food service there, registration (room with capacity, services) with advance money approx less than 25% - if ur advance is a lot then you are on receiving end, nurses are services we implicitly pay for, so expect services, anything more should be asked for before purchasing. Experience at jsr, Lakshmi hospital, Ramakrishna hospital, some random hospital dengue test, rxdx. Vs medical clinic. Ask doctor for home visit - willingness to pay for the effort but don't say that explicitly. Overeating still so vomited out - we suggest but we can't control - their decisions and their package.
Polity - praise of thing directed to person. Self beliefs talked about. Titbit talks culminating into sth - like I gotta drive you back.
PIES - what follows is pies config. If 7 can make a successful story so can you. 
PIES config - uxd - fast response time, turn around time, performance - least space and time complexity, greatest convenience - if ppl don't accept it - keep reminding pros and cons of what you proposed vs others. Keeping track of details - not approx but exactly and not maybe or need to check but I know and it is precisely this. Being a manager at social consumption or service. The penalty of lapse in ashram is also not small so let these small things be topics of discussion - eg - 1 wrong turn while driving can cost lives. So being accurate and precise is crucial. PIES config needs knowledge of not 1 way of doing it but all ways of doing it and you know the best as well. Functional completeness - after ordering puri chana we can get it cancelled. PIES config means no mistakes. Eventually ensure not even from others. Every mistake has reasons from urself or others - they shouldn't happen. Something like perfectionist but with apt tolerance. Solve a problem thru data manipulation - not as per plan then seek the plan and talk it out or else accept the second best consciously.
Scrum - my previous phase was health only at all layers so architect client without standardization but only SVAF master exploration. PIES architecture makes it SVAF already. Client master is phase 1 then client config. Then transactional which makes it server then analytics. Config is also about fsm tracking.
Story - baby taking shelter when loose motions but I can't help. Syami binded chunni with bed to ensure it won't fly. Syami delivery - not relieved for many days from hospital so greed there - papaji treatment papa told by doctor that if he was in his shoes he won't continue. Papa in research team at jammu medical hospital - govt hospitals in every state - for every district - icmr project of research but business interests. Complaint to hospital managers with logics - why not nurses bring items to room themselves if covid precautions are in place. Driving experience - briny and take consumables from and to hospital. Park for Vishal megamart for sweater, for hospital vault parking, for gwal mandi chowk, etc - familiarity with asr roads helped. Pass taken and refreshed for better packages. Jalandhar relatives affection but irresponsibility that they forgot to inform that they had contacted corona so theories. Apollo 24 hr auto rental update cycle - softwares in nodejs recruitment - Hospital erp. Flight cancellation loss.
Communication - Logs based talks can get really lengthy if capacity permits but without emotions they would be uninteresting stories. But sure open plathora of possible threads.
Manager - you have one less thing to worry about. Ivr boring ticket cancellation vs fast on web.
Story - PIES - Inconsiderate, respecting ur protocols - can't spend another 45 mins. What's my expectation and where's the gap - services take 1 hr and security takes 5 mins. Do you have child, good that you don't. No carrying luggage - ask them to come - else you take it. Unknown fear strategy, tolerate, tell pyaar se, tell as it is, complain, flop their business. Inki duties - one sided I can't repeat, complaints I told her. Fear and upar chadhna and person complies. Online stars - twitter handle to destroy their biz. Importance of showing eyes. Learn the art of challenging protocols - hospital protocols, road protocols, etc. Didi jiju are managers in real sense - pies config heroes. Challenging system with concrete flaws enum with eg and proofs. No use fighting with security guy cuz he follows as per commands. So, why waste time. All logics culminating in a specific ask - 15 mins my mother in law needs time. Make a very strong case and use all psychological tricks properly with full emotions involved. What were application writing in school days all about anyways - learn to be an exception with proper communication. He will go up then he could carry blanket - he is using psych strategy of 1 way to solve a problem but what we want is best way of solving a problem - so question should be why you won't do your duty. We of course can do it but what are you here for, anyway?
Story - my polythene why you taking nani by ashrit, my papa chappal Surabhi didi, etc.
Polity - Delegation - vekhin yaar. Reason it away with confidence. Already start doing it, not asking - like mama taking leaves, putting hands forward for sanitizing for gaining entry. Climb on the person targeting weakness or if doesn't work, then say that targetted person misunderstood and start behaving with humble attitude. But why so unprofessionalism at Punjab. Remember iqgrat stories and repeat them over eg see blanket taking helped so much. Change story every time even apparently with intent to impress ideal world to the person's mind eg we have been waiting for you. Micromanagement is also a skill useful for controlling the outcomes - just that it ain't pleasant - it also gives good impression like saying why don't you do it this way. Repeat over what's intended to be impressed. Was it our mistake to have chosen supposed best hospital!? - such words have powerful impact. Syami you call jiju and proposal of coming - papa should call, our regular visits. Don't highlight Jalandhar trip that's against us, Lawrence road highlight is in our favor. Too much bickering then person comes in limelight.
Story - Showing that we are offering the best so don't say that take yesterday meal - take fresh one and give us old one - I would have never said that but saw the motion and added my bit but why if you didn't believe in it.
Communication - Jack on iron rods. Monetize the thanks as chay paani. Take from your maalik. So, don't say thanks for free or easily. Penalty everywhere if not careful - doing back gear could have hit a scooter if the person didn't yell but impression ended up being that I was conscious with my hand gesture - so be always ultra careful. The solution is be a little intolerant towards lapse.
Story - Bargain - I have advertised you in whole of city and you show no favor. last time we bought at 3400 and this was after that month so it's possible - could have been old stock - didn't propose 100 less himself.
	daalne waali baat karo yaar. He came up with 100 less. If we say then we have already shown flexibility.
Sume - Generation - bauji was a topper with first division in metric but lack of exposure so solved maths problem for a student at shambhunath's child instead of bro so eventually would work there and so would papaji although MSc gold medalist but why doesn't your son join us. Bauji's father earlier free bird cuz early age loss - his chachaji adopted him as bachelor (cuz of bhrun hatya problem prevalent in society, dai would choke the girls) and got him to be a sahukar. Jamindar Brahmins otherwise. No messing around - couldn't say that let baraat leave early - I never asked anything from God but 7 days I ask and would love exactly those many days. Sarasvat brahmin from both sides, Kaushal and angrish gotra from either side - making me from Kaushal.
IQ - always value ur work cuz that's what you get valued for. Jinna de ghar daane unna de kamle vi syane. Time nahi kaDde if you don't give time but vellad hai when u give ample time.
Story - adhrit aisa kabhi nahi roya. Hasai da naam nahi honda, rovaye da honda hai so can't suggest how loose motions were cured decades back. Vice principal room mama and didi alone with raam lila folks coming back taking look at 2 alone ladies.
Polity - propose an impression already and let the person clarify - mukar jao plucker kitthe hai. Saurabh ne kitta hona hai. Tera package te 15 to vadd hi hona hai.
SAP - Best Team awards. 43 submissions - SAC predictive planning, ACR as a service, SAP CPI
SAP - Stellar awards for best in everything.
SocialErp - Concrete config (where is GPO in amritsar), which college where is it? Concrete transactions - Govt has started making a flyover over there - will be finished by 4 years or so.
CS - LIB - Chaudhary, Ajay, It's certainly a better approach since credentials for all the connectors (the ones in consideration and those in future) can differ slightly. Although my connector construction is not complex, still a builder approach will be a more flexible alternative (considering its extensibility in future). Will make this change.
	But I have 1 concern here. My runtime properties file will become useless in that case. My envisioned plan was configure the file with all the checks we are interested in - like say for a run I want to test only redis and hana - nothing more. Then my program should support that. With that end in the mind, factory pattern seemed to be the best alternative. But if we have to necessarily perform all the checks without runtime configuration, then builder seems a better option to me. I am personally more inclined towards a configurable option.
	Builder is a set of recipe methods for custom construction. Factory is switching to 1 of n constructions.
SAP - Indian Fitness League (IFL) 2020 - Fit@SAP Cloud - Count you in as a group.
CS - Access based login - we have sent you pin on your gmail - enter verification code.
SAP - Lenovo T460 touchscreen that I had costed worth 948 EUR = 85K INR at that time.
Scrum - Current phase is config. DMPM of everything social ERP, Home ERP, Personal ERP and when to use what - this standardization is expected.
	I really want to be an architect. Such an expertise that SVAF are not a concern for me anymore, all desires are fulfilled as a normal course.
	This architect has to be at IQ - stabilization - working at office is yet another thing - not a big deal. Exciting but not a big deal. It's already a problem solved.
	For this I must first focus the area I want to focus on going forward. And it's pretty much this big data development which includes AI and distributed computing and software development - smartness of IOT and Android are all add ons. This isn't mixing of fields - I am a user of systems not developer. I use AI libs and don't make them. I leverage distributed computing frameworks - don't make those. So I have to familiarize, listen to experts, read books and follow documentation pattern recognition (for scalability).
	This stabilization is also expected in EQ or Ashram. Being a very smart consumer. Generally the ashram tasks don't come with huge penalty very often but there's always a best way to do things fastest route to be taken - the bus took us 1 hr more (some situations could be demanding) - it doesn't hurt to make a wrong turn - but sometimes they do - eg take a u-turn penalty on NH.
CS - slk
	Group - eg - company-dept
		Channel - #hello-world
			Desc, add an app, people, share, send emails to channel.
	Channel Created.