EBG - has mapping to these books - will serve enrichment along with its QA.
YBF	
	Abhidheya
		Qualifications of Guru
		Qualifications of Disciple
		Scriptures
			The Most Confidential Knowledge (Vedas)
				Vedas 
					Vedas - Are They Relevant Today
						Only Source of Perfect Knowledge
							How can we gain knowledge about him - 3 ways to acquiring knowledge.
							Shabda is hearing from Vedic authorities since dawn of creation.
							No Changes - Not revised (amendments), modified (change of opinions), updated - it's always perfect
						Faith in Vedas
							Parallels with Modern Science (while no instruments existed)
								Cloning of Kauravas - Dr B G Matapurkar
									Churning of Vena to make Pruthu
								Vimana Shastra, Brahmastra, 
								Kakudumi's experience of relativity of time.
								Speed of Light, Mathematics, etc
								Ontogeny, Living Entities are ew (fire bacteria), Plants have feelings, Cow dung is pure (antiseptic in 1940)
							Vedic Predictions that have come true
								Buddha, Chanakya, Chaitanya Mahaprabhu, Chandragupta/ Ashoka, Jesus and Mohammed.
								Predictions about Kali Yuga
									Food sold in public (vs charity), flesh of foetus, sex based relp (not sacred duty to inc service; livin'; court based)
									Might will be right (wealth and brute force); Lavanya kesh dharanam; Brahmana by thread he wears (not qualities)
							=> Coming from person knowing past, present, future and all knowing.
						Seeing with ears
							@Save from thief broke in.
							Glass of Liquid - determine!
								Chemical Tests - only medicine left finished in testing, mixture of 2.
								ask the person who handed the jar.
							Hearing is basis of life form cradle to crematorium
								backtrack every knowledge - GRE, ABC, movie theater nearby, Einstein, Books are recorded sound.
								born in ignorance - educational set up to gain more awareness to improve our life.
							Questionability and Authentication
								Authority of info - TV, news, magazines, journals - overflooded with questionable info
						vs Science
							Real Mother vs Treacherous Witch (putana)
						Why
							Relevance Today
							Manual for Life
					Vedic Wisdom: The Privilege of Humanity (DYS 3)
					Cloning – A Modern Miracle or An Ancient Method
			Religions - If God is one, then why so many religions? (DYS 6)
		Yoga
			Different Types Of Yoga
			Do All Paths Lead To The Same Goal?
			9 Proc - Cultivating Remembrance Of Krishna
	God
		Definition of God
		Demigods
			The Singular Supreme and The Plural Subordinates
			The Controller of all Controllers
			Worship: Divine and Mundane
		Jiva (mayavad)
			The Infinitesimal and The Infinite
		Bhagavan
			Krishna – The All Attractive
			Evidences for Krishna’s Supremacy
			Love of God – The Culmination of All Religion
			Appendix
				Krishna’s Rasa Dance: Can We Imitate 
				Avatars : Genuine and Fake
				The Position of Lord Shiva
				The Golden Incarnation  For The Iron Age
				Meditation for the Modern Age
			Your Lost Home – The Kingdom of God	
			
		Paramatma
			Your Heart – to – Heart Friend
			Well Wishing Guide Who Always Accompanies You
	Jiva
		Can A Scientist Believe In GOD?
		Science of the soul (DYS 4)
		Getting The Eyes To See GOD (DYS 2)
		Where Reincarnation and Science Intersects
		You Never Die- The Verdict of All Religions
		Your Secret Journey- Evolving Towards Perfection
		Your Thoughts Create Your Next Body
		The Quest for Happiness
		Becoming A Civilised Human Being
		Art Of Living
		Art Of Dying
		Passing The Final Exam
	Prakriti
		Substance And Shadow
		Origin and Purpose
		Origin
			The Universe: How did it Begin?
			Your Divine Identity- A Product of Chemicals
			Evolution Or Creation: Let the Data Speak
			Your Glorious Ancestors – A Pack of Apes?
		Material Nature – A Temporary Prison House
		The Secret of Action –From Illusion to Reality
		Break Free of Bonds
YSJ
VOD
